vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxNzIuNjcuMTcwLjEwMyIsImFpZCI6IjAiLCJhbHBuIjoiaDMiLCJmcCI6ImNocm9tZSIsImhvc3QiOiJnbHdlaWRmLnNicyIsImlkIjoiNzYyMjFiZmItZTkyZi00ZTgwLTgxYzUtNmZlNDhmNTBhYzBiIiwibmV0Ijoid3MiLCJwYXRoIjoiL2xpbmt3cyIsInBvcnQiOiI0NDMiLCJwcyI6Ilvwn4eo8J+Hpl10Lm1lL0NvbmZpZ3NIdWIiLCJzY3kiOiJhdXRvIiwic25pIjoiZ2x3ZWlkZi5zYnMiLCJ0bHMiOiJ0bHMiLCJ0eXBlIjoiIiwidiI6IjIifQ==œü ·¥õ·¥á ú Ä·¥Ä…¥ œü Íú± ú…™ Ä·¥Ä·¥¢ œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü ·¥ã·¥Ä Ä·¥Ä·¥ä œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #·¥Ñ·¥Ä…¥·¥Ä·¥Ö·¥Ä(·¥Ñ·¥Ä)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTIwLjE5OC43MS4yMTQiLCAicG9ydCI6ICIzNDA5MyIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAiaWQiOiAiNDE4MDQ4YWYtYTI5My00Yjk5LTliMGMtOThjYTM1ODBkZDI0IiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICIifQ==Country = #China(üá®üá≥)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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 = #Canada(üá®üá¶)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiNDYuMjUwLjI1My4yMzQiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAiYWxwbiI6ICIiLCAiZnAiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjc2MmIzOTIzLTU4ODUtNGM1Zi04ODZmLWU2Mjc4ODUxMjMzOCIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiMjg4NzIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzbmkiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAidHlwZSI6ICIiLCAidiI6ICIyIn0=Country = #Japan(üáØüáµ)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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 = #Canada(üá®üá¶)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjYuMC45NSIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogIm9iZGlpLmNmZCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiMDU2NDFjZjUtNThkMi00YmE0LWE5ZjEtYjNjZGEwYjFmYjFkIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTA0LjI2LjAuOTUtNzQ3MCIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogZmFsc2UsCiAgICAic25pIjogIm9iZGlpLmNmZCIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMzEuMTI5LjEwNS4yMzkiLCAiYWlkIjogMCwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjc5M2UwM2NjLTJiMDgtNGQxYi1iYjBiLTU5MjU2N2QxOTA0MyIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgInBvcnQiOiAxNjIzMSwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGQxMiBWTS1XUy1OQSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZjdcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZmEgUlUtMzEuMTI5LjEwNS4yMzk6MTYyMzEiLCAidGxzIjogIiIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwgInNuaSI6ICIifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OQSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZWZcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZjUgSlAtMTMuMjMwLjIzNS4yNDc6NDg4ODkiLCAiYWRkIjogIjEzLjIzMC4yMzUuMjQ3IiwgInBvcnQiOiAiNDg4ODkiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgImlkIjogImMxMzBjYjM2LWM5M2YtNGJlNy05MjI4LWE3YTk3ZDQzODg1YSIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsICJob3N0IjogImd5LnlvdWFyZW15Z29kLnRvcCIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlNiBDQS0yMy4xNjIuMjAwLjkxOjIwMTgyIiwgImFkZCI6ICIyMy4xNjIuMjAwLjkxIiwgInBvcnQiOiAyMDE4MiwgImlkIjogImNjOWI2NmI3LTFkZTctNGFhOS05NjQyLTU3NWE4YWUzZmYxOSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNzIuNjcuMTUzLjE1NiIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogInVzd3V4aWFuLnBhaTUwMjg4LnVrIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICJjMzEzNjA2Zi05OGMyLTRkN2ItYmE3NC00OGI5NGY2MWIxMWQiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogODQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTcyLjY3LjE1My4xNTYtMDMwNyIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmYVx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOCBVUy01MS44MS4yMDMuNTc6Mjg4NjAiLCAiYWRkIjogIjUxLjgxLjIwMy41NyIsICJwb3J0IjogMjg4NjAsICJpZCI6ICIxNzg0NDk3ZC0wM2ExLTQwYmItYmI4Yi1kZTRmZmFjN2M1OWMiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogIm5vbmUifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjEuOTQuMTY4IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNjJhYTVmODAtMDMyOC00MDA0LWEzNzUtN2Y1YTU5ZGY0MDIyIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTA0LjIxLjk0LjE2OC03NDQ4IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICIiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYyBTRy02Mi4xNDYuMjMzLjExMjozNjcxMiIsICJhZGQiOiAiNjIuMTQ2LjIzMy4xMTIiLCAicG9ydCI6IDM2NzEyLCAiaWQiOiAiOTI2NmRmNDItMDgzMC00OGMyLTg1MDktNGM1N2IzMGZlMjlkIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNzIuNjcuNzEuMTYwIiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAib2JkaWkuY2ZkIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICIwNTY0MWNmNS01OGQyLTRiYTQtYTlmMS1iM2NkYTBiMWZiMWQiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfj4FSRUxBWS0xNzIuNjcuNzEuMTYwLTc0NzkiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJvYmRpaS5jZmQiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxNzIuNjcuMTcwLjEwMyIsImFpZCI6IjAiLCJhbHBuIjoiaDMiLCJmcCI6ImNocm9tZSIsImhvc3QiOiJnbHdlaWRmLnNicyIsImlkIjoiNzYyMjFiZmItZTkyZi00ZTgwLTgxYzUtNmZlNDhmNTBhYzBiIiwibmV0Ijoid3MiLCJwYXRoIjoiL2xpbmt3cyIsInBvcnQiOiI0NDMiLCJwcyI6Ilvwn4eo8J+Hpl10Lm1lL0NvbmZpZ3NIdWIiLCJzY3kiOiJhdXRvIiwic25pIjoiZ2x3ZWlkZi5zYnMiLCJ0bHMiOiJ0bHMiLCJ0eXBlIjoiIiwidiI6IjIifQ==œü ·¥õ·¥á ú Ä·¥Ä…¥ œü Íú± ú…™ Ä·¥Ä·¥¢ œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü ·¥ã·¥Ä Ä·¥Ä·¥ä œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #·¥Ñ·¥Ä…¥·¥Ä·¥Ö·¥Ä(·¥Ñ·¥Ä)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTIwLjE5OC43MS4yMTQiLCAicG9ydCI6ICIzNDA5MyIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAiaWQiOiAiNDE4MDQ4YWYtYTI5My00Yjk5LTliMGMtOThjYTM1ODBkZDI0IiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICIifQ==Country = #China(üá®üá≥)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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 = #Canada(üá®üá¶)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiNDYuMjUwLjI1My4yMzQiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAiYWxwbiI6ICIiLCAiZnAiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjc2MmIzOTIzLTU4ODUtNGM1Zi04ODZmLWU2Mjc4ODUxMjMzOCIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiMjg4NzIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzbmkiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAidHlwZSI6ICIiLCAidiI6ICIyIn0=Country = #Japan(üáØüáµ)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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 = #Canada(üá®üá¶)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjYuMC45NSIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogIm9iZGlpLmNmZCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiMDU2NDFjZjUtNThkMi00YmE0LWE5ZjEtYjNjZGEwYjFmYjFkIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTA0LjI2LjAuOTUtNzQ3MCIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogZmFsc2UsCiAgICAic25pIjogIm9iZGlpLmNmZCIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMzEuMTI5LjEwNS4yMzkiLCAiYWlkIjogMCwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjc5M2UwM2NjLTJiMDgtNGQxYi1iYjBiLTU5MjU2N2QxOTA0MyIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgInBvcnQiOiAxNjIzMSwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGQxMiBWTS1XUy1OQSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZjdcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZmEgUlUtMzEuMTI5LjEwNS4yMzk6MTYyMzEiLCAidGxzIjogIiIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwgInNuaSI6ICIifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OQSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZWZcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZjUgSlAtMTMuMjMwLjIzNS4yNDc6NDg4ODkiLCAiYWRkIjogIjEzLjIzMC4yMzUuMjQ3IiwgInBvcnQiOiAiNDg4ODkiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgImlkIjogImMxMzBjYjM2LWM5M2YtNGJlNy05MjI4LWE3YTk3ZDQzODg1YSIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsICJob3N0IjogImd5LnlvdWFyZW15Z29kLnRvcCIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlNiBDQS0yMy4xNjIuMjAwLjkxOjIwMTgyIiwgImFkZCI6ICIyMy4xNjIuMjAwLjkxIiwgInBvcnQiOiAyMDE4MiwgImlkIjogImNjOWI2NmI3LTFkZTctNGFhOS05NjQyLTU3NWE4YWUzZmYxOSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNzIuNjcuMTUzLjE1NiIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogInVzd3V4aWFuLnBhaTUwMjg4LnVrIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICJjMzEzNjA2Zi05OGMyLTRkN2ItYmE3NC00OGI5NGY2MWIxMWQiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogODQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTcyLjY3LjE1My4xNTYtMDMwNyIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmYVx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOCBVUy01MS44MS4yMDMuNTc6Mjg4NjAiLCAiYWRkIjogIjUxLjgxLjIwMy41NyIsICJwb3J0IjogMjg4NjAsICJpZCI6ICIxNzg0NDk3ZC0wM2ExLTQwYmItYmI4Yi1kZTRmZmFjN2M1OWMiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogIm5vbmUifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjEuOTQuMTY4IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNjJhYTVmODAtMDMyOC00MDA0LWEzNzUtN2Y1YTU5ZGY0MDIyIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTA0LjIxLjk0LjE2OC03NDQ4IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICIiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYyBTRy02Mi4xNDYuMjMzLjExMjozNjcxMiIsICJhZGQiOiAiNjIuMTQ2LjIzMy4xMTIiLCAicG9ydCI6IDM2NzEyLCAiaWQiOiAiOTI2NmRmNDItMDgzMC00OGMyLTg1MDktNGM1N2IzMGZlMjlkIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNzIuNjcuNzEuMTYwIiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAib2JkaWkuY2ZkIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICIwNTY0MWNmNS01OGQyLTRiYTQtYTlmMS1iM2NkYTBiMWZiMWQiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfj4FSRUxBWS0xNzIuNjcuNzEuMTYwLTc0NzkiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJvYmRpaS5jZmQiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMzguMTQuMTA3LjIyNSIsICJwb3J0IjogMzgwMDMsICJhaWQiOiA2NCwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogInRscyIsICJpZCI6ICI0MTgwNDhhZi1hMjkzLTRiOTktOWIwYy05OGNhMzU4MGRkMjQiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJ3d3cuMjMxNzk3NTMueHl6IiwgInBhdGgiOiAiL3BhdGgvMTgxNzIxMjcyMTE0In0=Country = #United_States(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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 = #France(üá´üá∑)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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 = #France(üá´üá∑)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTU0LjgzLjIuOTAiLCAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywgImFpZCI6IDAsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLCAiaWQiOiAiOTUwZGI2YWEtNDkyNi00NjE2LTgxNmUtZWMwMzEyZGNiODdiIiwgInNuaSI6ICJqYWhma2poYS5jZmQiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJqYWhma2poYS5jZmQiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIn0=Country = #Seychelles(üá∏üá®)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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Country = #France(üá´üá∑)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNzIuNjcuMTMxLjE3IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNjJhYTVmODAtMDMyOC00MDA0LWEzNzUtN2Y1YTU5ZGY0MDIyIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTcyLjY3LjEzMS4xNy03NDM2IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlY1x1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlNyBHQi0xNDkuNy4xNi4xNDk6MzcxMDEiLCAiYWRkIjogIjE0OS43LjE2LjE0OSIsICJwb3J0IjogMzcxMDEsICJpZCI6ICJmYjNmYzI0My00Njk4LTQ5YzQtOGM0NC0wNDE1ZjY4YTRkMjUiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogIm5vbmUifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMTcuMjEzLjU3IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAieG1pdmlkZW8uY2ZkIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICI5M2VhNDg2YS1iYWRhLTQyYTQtYWMzOC1kMDg4YjMyMGZhMWUiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfj4FSRUxBWS0xMDQuMTcuMjEzLjU3LTc0NDMiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJ4bWl2aWRlby5jZmQiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlNiBDQS02Ny4yMjAuOTQuMTM3OjU3MTIzIiwgImFkZCI6ICI2Ny4yMjAuOTQuMTM3IiwgInBvcnQiOiA1NzEyMywgImlkIjogImI0ZDNhODFiLWVjMGUtNGEyNy1hMzU5LTZkZWEwYzRmMWY3NSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmM1x1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmMSBOTC0xODUuMjIxLjIxOS4yMDo0Nzg1NiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTg1LjIyMS4yMTkuMjAiLCAicG9ydCI6IDQ3ODU2LCAiaWQiOiAiMDY1MDE2MTQtMmNkZS00NTg5LWI3NWYtOGRmODk1ZTY1YjNjIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIyMy4xNTguNTYuMTg0IiwiYWlkIjoiMCIsImFscG4iOiIiLCJmcCI6IiIsImhvc3QiOiIiLCJpZCI6IjA0NjIxYmFlLWFiMzYtMTFlYy1iOTA5LTAyNDJhYzEyMDAwMiIsIm5ldCI6InRjcCIsInBhdGgiOiIiLCJwb3J0IjoiMjIzMjQiLCJwcyI6Itqp2KfZhtmB24zaryDZvtix2LPYsdi52Kog2LHYp9uM2q/Yp9mG8J+Mi0B2bWVzYyIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJ0bHMiOiIiLCJ0eXBlIjoibm9uZSIsInYiOiIyIn0=‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚ù• MciFree serviceüëáüëáüëáüëáüëá‚úÖ @vmesc
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxNzIuNjcuMTcwLjEwMyIsImFpZCI6IjAiLCJhbHBuIjoiaDMiLCJmcCI6ImNocm9tZSIsImhvc3QiOiJnbHdlaWRmLnNicyIsImlkIjoiNzYyMjFiZmItZTkyZi00ZTgwLTgxYzUtNmZlNDhmNTBhYzBiIiwibmV0Ijoid3MiLCJwYXRoIjoiL2xpbmt3cyIsInBvcnQiOiI0NDMiLCJwcyI6Ilvwn4eo8J+Hpl10Lm1lL0NvbmZpZ3NIdWIiLCJzY3kiOiJhdXRvIiwic25pIjoiZ2x3ZWlkZi5zYnMiLCJ0bHMiOiJ0bHMiLCJ0eXBlIjoiIiwidiI6IjIifQ==œü ·¥õ·¥á ú Ä·¥Ä…¥ œü Íú± ú…™ Ä·¥Ä·¥¢ œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü ·¥ã·¥Ä Ä·¥Ä·¥ä œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #·¥Ñ·¥Ä…¥·¥Ä·¥Ö·¥Ä(·¥Ñ·¥Ä)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTIwLjE5OC43MS4yMTQiLCAicG9ydCI6ICIzNDA5MyIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAiaWQiOiAiNDE4MDQ4YWYtYTI5My00Yjk5LTliMGMtOThjYTM1ODBkZDI0IiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICIifQ==Country = #China(üá®üá≥)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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 = #Canada(üá®üá¶)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiNDYuMjUwLjI1My4yMzQiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAiYWxwbiI6ICIiLCAiZnAiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjc2MmIzOTIzLTU4ODUtNGM1Zi04ODZmLWU2Mjc4ODUxMjMzOCIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiMjg4NzIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzbmkiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAidHlwZSI6ICIiLCAidiI6ICIyIn0=Country = #Japan(üáØüáµ)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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 = #Canada(üá®üá¶)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjYuMC45NSIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogIm9iZGlpLmNmZCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiMDU2NDFjZjUtNThkMi00YmE0LWE5ZjEtYjNjZGEwYjFmYjFkIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTA0LjI2LjAuOTUtNzQ3MCIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogZmFsc2UsCiAgICAic25pIjogIm9iZGlpLmNmZCIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMzEuMTI5LjEwNS4yMzkiLCAiYWlkIjogMCwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjc5M2UwM2NjLTJiMDgtNGQxYi1iYjBiLTU5MjU2N2QxOTA0MyIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgInBvcnQiOiAxNjIzMSwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGQxMiBWTS1XUy1OQSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZjdcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZmEgUlUtMzEuMTI5LjEwNS4yMzk6MTYyMzEiLCAidGxzIjogIiIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwgInNuaSI6ICIifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OQSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZWZcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZjUgSlAtMTMuMjMwLjIzNS4yNDc6NDg4ODkiLCAiYWRkIjogIjEzLjIzMC4yMzUuMjQ3IiwgInBvcnQiOiAiNDg4ODkiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgImlkIjogImMxMzBjYjM2LWM5M2YtNGJlNy05MjI4LWE3YTk3ZDQzODg1YSIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsICJob3N0IjogImd5LnlvdWFyZW15Z29kLnRvcCIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlNiBDQS0yMy4xNjIuMjAwLjkxOjIwMTgyIiwgImFkZCI6ICIyMy4xNjIuMjAwLjkxIiwgInBvcnQiOiAyMDE4MiwgImlkIjogImNjOWI2NmI3LTFkZTctNGFhOS05NjQyLTU3NWE4YWUzZmYxOSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNzIuNjcuMTUzLjE1NiIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogInVzd3V4aWFuLnBhaTUwMjg4LnVrIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICJjMzEzNjA2Zi05OGMyLTRkN2ItYmE3NC00OGI5NGY2MWIxMWQiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogODQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTcyLjY3LjE1My4xNTYtMDMwNyIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmYVx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOCBVUy01MS44MS4yMDMuNTc6Mjg4NjAiLCAiYWRkIjogIjUxLjgxLjIwMy41NyIsICJwb3J0IjogMjg4NjAsICJpZCI6ICIxNzg0NDk3ZC0wM2ExLTQwYmItYmI4Yi1kZTRmZmFjN2M1OWMiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogIm5vbmUifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjEuOTQuMTY4IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNjJhYTVmODAtMDMyOC00MDA0LWEzNzUtN2Y1YTU5ZGY0MDIyIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTA0LjIxLjk0LjE2OC03NDQ4IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICIiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYyBTRy02Mi4xNDYuMjMzLjExMjozNjcxMiIsICJhZGQiOiAiNjIuMTQ2LjIzMy4xMTIiLCAicG9ydCI6IDM2NzEyLCAiaWQiOiAiOTI2NmRmNDItMDgzMC00OGMyLTg1MDktNGM1N2IzMGZlMjlkIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNzIuNjcuNzEuMTYwIiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAib2JkaWkuY2ZkIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICIwNTY0MWNmNS01OGQyLTRiYTQtYTlmMS1iM2NkYTBiMWZiMWQiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfj4FSRUxBWS0xNzIuNjcuNzEuMTYwLTc0NzkiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJvYmRpaS5jZmQiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMzguMTQuMTA3LjIyNSIsICJwb3J0IjogMzgwMDMsICJhaWQiOiA2NCwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogInRscyIsICJpZCI6ICI0MTgwNDhhZi1hMjkzLTRiOTktOWIwYy05OGNhMzU4MGRkMjQiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJ3d3cuMjMxNzk3NTMueHl6IiwgInBhdGgiOiAiL3BhdGgvMTgxNzIxMjcyMTE0In0=Country = #United_States(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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 = #France(üá´üá∑)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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 = #France(üá´üá∑)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTU0LjgzLjIuOTAiLCAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywgImFpZCI6IDAsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLCAiaWQiOiAiOTUwZGI2YWEtNDkyNi00NjE2LTgxNmUtZWMwMzEyZGNiODdiIiwgInNuaSI6ICJqYWhma2poYS5jZmQiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJqYWhma2poYS5jZmQiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIn0=Country = #Seychelles(üá∏üá®)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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Country = #France(üá´üá∑)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNzIuNjcuMTMxLjE3IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNjJhYTVmODAtMDMyOC00MDA0LWEzNzUtN2Y1YTU5ZGY0MDIyIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTcyLjY3LjEzMS4xNy03NDM2IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlY1x1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlNyBHQi0xNDkuNy4xNi4xNDk6MzcxMDEiLCAiYWRkIjogIjE0OS43LjE2LjE0OSIsICJwb3J0IjogMzcxMDEsICJpZCI6ICJmYjNmYzI0My00Njk4LTQ5YzQtOGM0NC0wNDE1ZjY4YTRkMjUiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogIm5vbmUifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMTcuMjEzLjU3IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAieG1pdmlkZW8uY2ZkIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICI5M2VhNDg2YS1iYWRhLTQyYTQtYWMzOC1kMDg4YjMyMGZhMWUiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfj4FSRUxBWS0xMDQuMTcuMjEzLjU3LTc0NDMiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJ4bWl2aWRlby5jZmQiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlNiBDQS02Ny4yMjAuOTQuMTM3OjU3MTIzIiwgImFkZCI6ICI2Ny4yMjAuOTQuMTM3IiwgInBvcnQiOiA1NzEyMywgImlkIjogImI0ZDNhODFiLWVjMGUtNGEyNy1hMzU5LTZkZWEwYzRmMWY3NSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmM1x1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmMSBOTC0xODUuMjIxLjIxOS4yMDo0Nzg1NiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTg1LjIyMS4yMTkuMjAiLCAicG9ydCI6IDQ3ODU2LCAiaWQiOiAiMDY1MDE2MTQtMmNkZS00NTg5LWI3NWYtOGRmODk1ZTY1YjNjIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIyMy4xNTguNTYuMTg0IiwiYWlkIjoiMCIsImFscG4iOiIiLCJmcCI6IiIsImhvc3QiOiIiLCJpZCI6IjA0NjIxYmFlLWFiMzYtMTFlYy1iOTA5LTAyNDJhYzEyMDAwMiIsIm5ldCI6InRjcCIsInBhdGgiOiIiLCJwb3J0IjoiMjIzMjQiLCJwcyI6Itqp2KfZhtmB24zaryDZvtix2LPYsdi52Kog2LHYp9uM2q/Yp9mG8J+Mi0B2bWVzYyIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJ0bHMiOiIiLCJ0eXBlIjoibm9uZSIsInYiOiIyIn0=‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚ù• MciFree serviceüëáüëáüëáüëáüëá‚úÖ @vmesc
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTY5LjE1MC4yMDguODMiLCAicG9ydCI6IDE4MDAwLCAiYWlkIjogMCwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAiaWQiOiAiZjhjOGRjM2QtMGQzNy00NmIwLThiMzQtYTcyMzI4ODJmY2ZlIn0=Country = #Sweden(üá∏üá™)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTQ5LjcuMTYuMTQ5IiwgInBvcnQiOiAzNzEwMSwgImlkIjogImZiM2ZjMjQzLTQ2OTgtNDljNC04YzQ0LTA0MTVmNjhhNGQyNSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9Country = #United_Kingdom(üá¨üáß)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiNTcuMTI5LjI0LjE0MSIsICJwb3J0IjogIjQ0MyIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAiaWQiOiAiMDNmY2M2MTgtYjkzZC02Nzk2LTZhZWQtOGEzOGM5NzVkNTgxIiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rdndzIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMifQ==Country = #Germany(üá©üá™)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAidXMydm1lc3Mucm5tY25tLmNvbSIsICJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJwb3J0IjogODAsICJpZCI6ICI3ZjhhMWJiOS1iZWUwLTQwYTgtZjkwOC0yMWE2NWRhMGYzY2MiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLzEyM3F3ZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIn0=Country = #US(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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 = #Germany(üá©üá™)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJQYXJzVmRzLmlyIiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiZ2x3ZWlkZi5zYnMiLAogICAgImlkIjogIjc2MjIxYmZiLWU5MmYtNGU4MC04MWM1LTZmZTQ4ZjUwYWMwYiIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rd3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTEwNC4yMS45NC4xNjgtMTEzOSIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTA0LjIxLjE2LjEiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAiYWxwbiI6ICIiLCAiZnAiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjdmOGExYmI5LWJlZTAtNDBhOC1mOTA4LTIxYTY1ZGEwZjNjYyIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvMTIzcXdlIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiODAiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVdTLU5BIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGZmNFx1MjAwZFx1MjYyMFx1ZmUwZiBOQS0xMDQuMjEuMTYuMTo4MCIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzbmkiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAidHlwZSI6ICItLS0iLCAidiI6ICIyIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIyMy4xNjIuMjAwLjIyNyIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogIiIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiMDNmY2M2MTgtYjkzZC02Nzk2LTZhZWQtOGEzOGM5NzVkNTgxIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt2d3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+HqPCfh6ZDQS0yMy4xNjIuMjAwLjIyNy03NDQ3IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICIiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxODguMTE0Ljk3Ljc5IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAibGluZGUwNi5pbmRpYXZpZGVvLnNicyIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiZWRiYjEwNTktMTYzMy00MjcxLWI2NmUtZWQ0ZmJhNDdhMWJmIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTg4LjExNC45Ny43OS03NDQwIiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAibGluZGUwNi5pbmRpYXZpZGVvLnNicyIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTA0LjIxLjk2LjEiLCAiYWlkIjogMCwgImhvc3QiOiAiZGUwMS5zaC1jbG91ZGZsYXJlLnNicyIsICJpZCI6ICI3NWEwODg1Zi0wY2E1LTQyYTQtODY1MS0zOTFjZjgxOTMxNTQiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsICJwb3J0IjogMjA5NiwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGQxMiBWTS1XUy1UTFMgXHVkODNjXHVkZmY0XHUyMDBkXHUyNjIwXHVmZTBmIE5BLTEwNC4yMS45Ni4xOjIwOTYiLCAidGxzIjogInRscyIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwgInNuaSI6ICJkZTAxLnNoLWNsb3VkZmxhcmUuc2JzIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjoiMiIsInBzIjoiRC1GQUlUSC02MjI3IiwiYWRkIjoiMTY3LjcxLjI1MC4xMTUiLCJwb3J0IjoiODg4MSIsImlkIjoiZGI1YWZhZTQtYWMyMy00MWE2LTgzNzgtZjMwN2E5YTQ3NDM2IiwiYWlkIjoiMCIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJuZXQiOiJ0Y3AiLCJ0eXBlIjoiaHR0cCIsImhvc3QiOiJtb2kuaXIiLCJwYXRoIjoiLyIsInRscyI6Im5vbmUiLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJhbHBuIjoiIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxNzIuNjcuMTcwLjEwMyIsImFpZCI6IjAiLCJhbHBuIjoiaDMiLCJmcCI6ImNocm9tZSIsImhvc3QiOiJnbHdlaWRmLnNicyIsImlkIjoiNzYyMjFiZmItZTkyZi00ZTgwLTgxYzUtNmZlNDhmNTBhYzBiIiwibmV0Ijoid3MiLCJwYXRoIjoiL2xpbmt3cyIsInBvcnQiOiI0NDMiLCJwcyI6Ilvwn4eo8J+Hpl10Lm1lL0NvbmZpZ3NIdWIiLCJzY3kiOiJhdXRvIiwic25pIjoiZ2x3ZWlkZi5zYnMiLCJ0bHMiOiJ0bHMiLCJ0eXBlIjoiIiwidiI6IjIifQ==œü ·¥õ·¥á ú Ä·¥Ä…¥ œü Íú± ú…™ Ä·¥Ä·¥¢ œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü ·¥ã·¥Ä Ä·¥Ä·¥ä œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #·¥Ñ·¥Ä…¥·¥Ä·¥Ö·¥Ä(·¥Ñ·¥Ä)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTIwLjE5OC43MS4yMTQiLCAicG9ydCI6ICIzNDA5MyIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAiaWQiOiAiNDE4MDQ4YWYtYTI5My00Yjk5LTliMGMtOThjYTM1ODBkZDI0IiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICIifQ==Country = #China(üá®üá≥)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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 = #Canada(üá®üá¶)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiNDYuMjUwLjI1My4yMzQiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAiYWxwbiI6ICIiLCAiZnAiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjc2MmIzOTIzLTU4ODUtNGM1Zi04ODZmLWU2Mjc4ODUxMjMzOCIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiMjg4NzIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzbmkiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAidHlwZSI6ICIiLCAidiI6ICIyIn0=Country = #Japan(üáØüáµ)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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 = #Canada(üá®üá¶)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjYuMC45NSIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogIm9iZGlpLmNmZCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiMDU2NDFjZjUtNThkMi00YmE0LWE5ZjEtYjNjZGEwYjFmYjFkIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTA0LjI2LjAuOTUtNzQ3MCIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogZmFsc2UsCiAgICAic25pIjogIm9iZGlpLmNmZCIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMzEuMTI5LjEwNS4yMzkiLCAiYWlkIjogMCwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjc5M2UwM2NjLTJiMDgtNGQxYi1iYjBiLTU5MjU2N2QxOTA0MyIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgInBvcnQiOiAxNjIzMSwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGQxMiBWTS1XUy1OQSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZjdcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZmEgUlUtMzEuMTI5LjEwNS4yMzk6MTYyMzEiLCAidGxzIjogIiIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwgInNuaSI6ICIifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OQSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZWZcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZjUgSlAtMTMuMjMwLjIzNS4yNDc6NDg4ODkiLCAiYWRkIjogIjEzLjIzMC4yMzUuMjQ3IiwgInBvcnQiOiAiNDg4ODkiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgImlkIjogImMxMzBjYjM2LWM5M2YtNGJlNy05MjI4LWE3YTk3ZDQzODg1YSIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsICJob3N0IjogImd5LnlvdWFyZW15Z29kLnRvcCIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlNiBDQS0yMy4xNjIuMjAwLjkxOjIwMTgyIiwgImFkZCI6ICIyMy4xNjIuMjAwLjkxIiwgInBvcnQiOiAyMDE4MiwgImlkIjogImNjOWI2NmI3LTFkZTctNGFhOS05NjQyLTU3NWE4YWUzZmYxOSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNzIuNjcuMTUzLjE1NiIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogInVzd3V4aWFuLnBhaTUwMjg4LnVrIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICJjMzEzNjA2Zi05OGMyLTRkN2ItYmE3NC00OGI5NGY2MWIxMWQiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogODQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTcyLjY3LjE1My4xNTYtMDMwNyIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmYVx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOCBVUy01MS44MS4yMDMuNTc6Mjg4NjAiLCAiYWRkIjogIjUxLjgxLjIwMy41NyIsICJwb3J0IjogMjg4NjAsICJpZCI6ICIxNzg0NDk3ZC0wM2ExLTQwYmItYmI4Yi1kZTRmZmFjN2M1OWMiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogIm5vbmUifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjEuOTQuMTY4IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNjJhYTVmODAtMDMyOC00MDA0LWEzNzUtN2Y1YTU5ZGY0MDIyIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTA0LjIxLjk0LjE2OC03NDQ4IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICIiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYyBTRy02Mi4xNDYuMjMzLjExMjozNjcxMiIsICJhZGQiOiAiNjIuMTQ2LjIzMy4xMTIiLCAicG9ydCI6IDM2NzEyLCAiaWQiOiAiOTI2NmRmNDItMDgzMC00OGMyLTg1MDktNGM1N2IzMGZlMjlkIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNzIuNjcuNzEuMTYwIiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAib2JkaWkuY2ZkIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICIwNTY0MWNmNS01OGQyLTRiYTQtYTlmMS1iM2NkYTBiMWZiMWQiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfj4FSRUxBWS0xNzIuNjcuNzEuMTYwLTc0NzkiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJvYmRpaS5jZmQiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMzguMTQuMTA3LjIyNSIsICJwb3J0IjogMzgwMDMsICJhaWQiOiA2NCwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogInRscyIsICJpZCI6ICI0MTgwNDhhZi1hMjkzLTRiOTktOWIwYy05OGNhMzU4MGRkMjQiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJ3d3cuMjMxNzk3NTMueHl6IiwgInBhdGgiOiAiL3BhdGgvMTgxNzIxMjcyMTE0In0=Country = #United_States(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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 = #France(üá´üá∑)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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 = #France(üá´üá∑)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTU0LjgzLjIuOTAiLCAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywgImFpZCI6IDAsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLCAiaWQiOiAiOTUwZGI2YWEtNDkyNi00NjE2LTgxNmUtZWMwMzEyZGNiODdiIiwgInNuaSI6ICJqYWhma2poYS5jZmQiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJqYWhma2poYS5jZmQiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIn0=Country = #Seychelles(üá∏üá®)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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Country = #France(üá´üá∑)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNzIuNjcuMTMxLjE3IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNjJhYTVmODAtMDMyOC00MDA0LWEzNzUtN2Y1YTU5ZGY0MDIyIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTcyLjY3LjEzMS4xNy03NDM2IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlY1x1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlNyBHQi0xNDkuNy4xNi4xNDk6MzcxMDEiLCAiYWRkIjogIjE0OS43LjE2LjE0OSIsICJwb3J0IjogMzcxMDEsICJpZCI6ICJmYjNmYzI0My00Njk4LTQ5YzQtOGM0NC0wNDE1ZjY4YTRkMjUiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogIm5vbmUifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMTcuMjEzLjU3IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAieG1pdmlkZW8uY2ZkIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICI5M2VhNDg2YS1iYWRhLTQyYTQtYWMzOC1kMDg4YjMyMGZhMWUiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfj4FSRUxBWS0xMDQuMTcuMjEzLjU3LTc0NDMiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJ4bWl2aWRlby5jZmQiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlNiBDQS02Ny4yMjAuOTQuMTM3OjU3MTIzIiwgImFkZCI6ICI2Ny4yMjAuOTQuMTM3IiwgInBvcnQiOiA1NzEyMywgImlkIjogImI0ZDNhODFiLWVjMGUtNGEyNy1hMzU5LTZkZWEwYzRmMWY3NSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmM1x1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmMSBOTC0xODUuMjIxLjIxOS4yMDo0Nzg1NiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTg1LjIyMS4yMTkuMjAiLCAicG9ydCI6IDQ3ODU2LCAiaWQiOiAiMDY1MDE2MTQtMmNkZS00NTg5LWI3NWYtOGRmODk1ZTY1YjNjIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIyMy4xNTguNTYuMTg0IiwiYWlkIjoiMCIsImFscG4iOiIiLCJmcCI6IiIsImhvc3QiOiIiLCJpZCI6IjA0NjIxYmFlLWFiMzYtMTFlYy1iOTA5LTAyNDJhYzEyMDAwMiIsIm5ldCI6InRjcCIsInBhdGgiOiIiLCJwb3J0IjoiMjIzMjQiLCJwcyI6Itqp2KfZhtmB24zaryDZvtix2LPYsdi52Kog2LHYp9uM2q/Yp9mG8J+Mi0B2bWVzYyIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJ0bHMiOiIiLCJ0eXBlIjoibm9uZSIsInYiOiIyIn0=‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚ù• MciFree serviceüëáüëáüëáüëáüëá‚úÖ @vmesc
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTY5LjE1MC4yMDguODMiLCAicG9ydCI6IDE4MDAwLCAiYWlkIjogMCwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAiaWQiOiAiZjhjOGRjM2QtMGQzNy00NmIwLThiMzQtYTcyMzI4ODJmY2ZlIn0=Country = #Sweden(üá∏üá™)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTQ5LjcuMTYuMTQ5IiwgInBvcnQiOiAzNzEwMSwgImlkIjogImZiM2ZjMjQzLTQ2OTgtNDljNC04YzQ0LTA0MTVmNjhhNGQyNSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9Country = #United_Kingdom(üá¨üáß)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiNTcuMTI5LjI0LjE0MSIsICJwb3J0IjogIjQ0MyIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAiaWQiOiAiMDNmY2M2MTgtYjkzZC02Nzk2LTZhZWQtOGEzOGM5NzVkNTgxIiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rdndzIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMifQ==Country = #Germany(üá©üá™)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAidXMydm1lc3Mucm5tY25tLmNvbSIsICJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJwb3J0IjogODAsICJpZCI6ICI3ZjhhMWJiOS1iZWUwLTQwYTgtZjkwOC0yMWE2NWRhMGYzY2MiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLzEyM3F3ZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIn0=Country = #US(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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 = #Germany(üá©üá™)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJQYXJzVmRzLmlyIiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiZ2x3ZWlkZi5zYnMiLAogICAgImlkIjogIjc2MjIxYmZiLWU5MmYtNGU4MC04MWM1LTZmZTQ4ZjUwYWMwYiIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rd3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTEwNC4yMS45NC4xNjgtMTEzOSIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTA0LjIxLjE2LjEiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAiYWxwbiI6ICIiLCAiZnAiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjdmOGExYmI5LWJlZTAtNDBhOC1mOTA4LTIxYTY1ZGEwZjNjYyIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvMTIzcXdlIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiODAiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVdTLU5BIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGZmNFx1MjAwZFx1MjYyMFx1ZmUwZiBOQS0xMDQuMjEuMTYuMTo4MCIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzbmkiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAidHlwZSI6ICItLS0iLCAidiI6ICIyIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIyMy4xNjIuMjAwLjIyNyIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogIiIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiMDNmY2M2MTgtYjkzZC02Nzk2LTZhZWQtOGEzOGM5NzVkNTgxIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt2d3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+HqPCfh6ZDQS0yMy4xNjIuMjAwLjIyNy03NDQ3IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICIiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxODguMTE0Ljk3Ljc5IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAibGluZGUwNi5pbmRpYXZpZGVvLnNicyIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiZWRiYjEwNTktMTYzMy00MjcxLWI2NmUtZWQ0ZmJhNDdhMWJmIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTg4LjExNC45Ny43OS03NDQwIiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAibGluZGUwNi5pbmRpYXZpZGVvLnNicyIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTA0LjIxLjk2LjEiLCAiYWlkIjogMCwgImhvc3QiOiAiZGUwMS5zaC1jbG91ZGZsYXJlLnNicyIsICJpZCI6ICI3NWEwODg1Zi0wY2E1LTQyYTQtODY1MS0zOTFjZjgxOTMxNTQiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsICJwb3J0IjogMjA5NiwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGQxMiBWTS1XUy1UTFMgXHVkODNjXHVkZmY0XHUyMDBkXHUyNjIwXHVmZTBmIE5BLTEwNC4yMS45Ni4xOjIwOTYiLCAidGxzIjogInRscyIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwgInNuaSI6ICJkZTAxLnNoLWNsb3VkZmxhcmUuc2JzIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjoiMiIsInBzIjoiRC1GQUlUSC02MjI3IiwiYWRkIjoiMTY3LjcxLjI1MC4xMTUiLCJwb3J0IjoiODg4MSIsImlkIjoiZGI1YWZhZTQtYWMyMy00MWE2LTgzNzgtZjMwN2E5YTQ3NDM2IiwiYWlkIjoiMCIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJuZXQiOiJ0Y3AiLCJ0eXBlIjoiaHR0cCIsImhvc3QiOiJtb2kuaXIiLCJwYXRoIjoiLyIsInRscyI6Im5vbmUiLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJhbHBuIjoiIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess: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 = #Moldova(üá≤üá©)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYyBTRy0xNTQuMjYuMTM3LjQyOjQ0MTA0IiwgImFkZCI6ICIxNTQuMjYuMTM3LjQyIiwgInBvcnQiOiA0NDEwNCwgImlkIjogImU5OTMzYTRjLWU1NmUtNDU4Yy1iY2Y0LTljYjM4NzViYmE1NSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmM1x1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmMSBOTC0xNzIuOTkuMTg4LjE5MDo0NzkyNSIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTcyLjk5LjE4OC4xOTAiLCAicG9ydCI6IDQ3OTI1LCAiaWQiOiAiZjU4ZmZkYTItM2VmYy00OWE1LTkwNDctZjhjMmY5M2M1NzVkIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYlx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmNyBGUi0zOC4xMDkuMjI4LjE2MzoyNzA2MCIsICJhZGQiOiAiMzguMTA5LjIyOC4xNjMiLCAicG9ydCI6IDI3MDYwLCAiaWQiOiAiNzFkYTQwYjktYzIwZS00YTZlLTgwY2ItYzgxNDFmNjkzNTI2IiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNTIuNjcuMjUxLjIzMiIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogImlydmlkZW8uY2ZkIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICJlNTM3ZjJmNS0yYTBjLTRmNTktOTJjOS04MzJjYTY0MzNiZjMiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfh7rwn4e4VVMtMTUyLjY3LjI1MS4yMzItNzQzNSIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogZmFsc2UsCiAgICAic25pIjogImlydmlkZW8uY2ZkIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxNzIuNjcuMTcwLjEwMyIsImFpZCI6IjAiLCJhbHBuIjoiaDMiLCJmcCI6ImNocm9tZSIsImhvc3QiOiJnbHdlaWRmLnNicyIsImlkIjoiNzYyMjFiZmItZTkyZi00ZTgwLTgxYzUtNmZlNDhmNTBhYzBiIiwibmV0Ijoid3MiLCJwYXRoIjoiL2xpbmt3cyIsInBvcnQiOiI0NDMiLCJwcyI6Ilvwn4eo8J+Hpl10Lm1lL0NvbmZpZ3NIdWIiLCJzY3kiOiJhdXRvIiwic25pIjoiZ2x3ZWlkZi5zYnMiLCJ0bHMiOiJ0bHMiLCJ0eXBlIjoiIiwidiI6IjIifQ==œü ·¥õ·¥á ú Ä·¥Ä…¥ œü Íú± ú…™ Ä·¥Ä·¥¢ œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü ·¥ã·¥Ä Ä·¥Ä·¥ä œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #·¥Ñ·¥Ä…¥·¥Ä·¥Ö·¥Ä(·¥Ñ·¥Ä)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTIwLjE5OC43MS4yMTQiLCAicG9ydCI6ICIzNDA5MyIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAiaWQiOiAiNDE4MDQ4YWYtYTI5My00Yjk5LTliMGMtOThjYTM1ODBkZDI0IiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICIifQ==Country = #China(üá®üá≥)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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 = #Canada(üá®üá¶)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiNDYuMjUwLjI1My4yMzQiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAiYWxwbiI6ICIiLCAiZnAiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjc2MmIzOTIzLTU4ODUtNGM1Zi04ODZmLWU2Mjc4ODUxMjMzOCIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiMjg4NzIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzbmkiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAidHlwZSI6ICIiLCAidiI6ICIyIn0=Country = #Japan(üáØüáµ)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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 = #Canada(üá®üá¶)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjYuMC45NSIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogIm9iZGlpLmNmZCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiMDU2NDFjZjUtNThkMi00YmE0LWE5ZjEtYjNjZGEwYjFmYjFkIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTA0LjI2LjAuOTUtNzQ3MCIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogZmFsc2UsCiAgICAic25pIjogIm9iZGlpLmNmZCIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMzEuMTI5LjEwNS4yMzkiLCAiYWlkIjogMCwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjc5M2UwM2NjLTJiMDgtNGQxYi1iYjBiLTU5MjU2N2QxOTA0MyIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgInBvcnQiOiAxNjIzMSwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGQxMiBWTS1XUy1OQSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZjdcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZmEgUlUtMzEuMTI5LjEwNS4yMzk6MTYyMzEiLCAidGxzIjogIiIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwgInNuaSI6ICIifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OQSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZWZcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZjUgSlAtMTMuMjMwLjIzNS4yNDc6NDg4ODkiLCAiYWRkIjogIjEzLjIzMC4yMzUuMjQ3IiwgInBvcnQiOiAiNDg4ODkiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgImlkIjogImMxMzBjYjM2LWM5M2YtNGJlNy05MjI4LWE3YTk3ZDQzODg1YSIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsICJob3N0IjogImd5LnlvdWFyZW15Z29kLnRvcCIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlNiBDQS0yMy4xNjIuMjAwLjkxOjIwMTgyIiwgImFkZCI6ICIyMy4xNjIuMjAwLjkxIiwgInBvcnQiOiAyMDE4MiwgImlkIjogImNjOWI2NmI3LTFkZTctNGFhOS05NjQyLTU3NWE4YWUzZmYxOSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNzIuNjcuMTUzLjE1NiIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogInVzd3V4aWFuLnBhaTUwMjg4LnVrIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICJjMzEzNjA2Zi05OGMyLTRkN2ItYmE3NC00OGI5NGY2MWIxMWQiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogODQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTcyLjY3LjE1My4xNTYtMDMwNyIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmYVx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOCBVUy01MS44MS4yMDMuNTc6Mjg4NjAiLCAiYWRkIjogIjUxLjgxLjIwMy41NyIsICJwb3J0IjogMjg4NjAsICJpZCI6ICIxNzg0NDk3ZC0wM2ExLTQwYmItYmI4Yi1kZTRmZmFjN2M1OWMiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogIm5vbmUifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjEuOTQuMTY4IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNjJhYTVmODAtMDMyOC00MDA0LWEzNzUtN2Y1YTU5ZGY0MDIyIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTA0LjIxLjk0LjE2OC03NDQ4IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICIiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYyBTRy02Mi4xNDYuMjMzLjExMjozNjcxMiIsICJhZGQiOiAiNjIuMTQ2LjIzMy4xMTIiLCAicG9ydCI6IDM2NzEyLCAiaWQiOiAiOTI2NmRmNDItMDgzMC00OGMyLTg1MDktNGM1N2IzMGZlMjlkIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNzIuNjcuNzEuMTYwIiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAib2JkaWkuY2ZkIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICIwNTY0MWNmNS01OGQyLTRiYTQtYTlmMS1iM2NkYTBiMWZiMWQiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfj4FSRUxBWS0xNzIuNjcuNzEuMTYwLTc0NzkiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJvYmRpaS5jZmQiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMzguMTQuMTA3LjIyNSIsICJwb3J0IjogMzgwMDMsICJhaWQiOiA2NCwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogInRscyIsICJpZCI6ICI0MTgwNDhhZi1hMjkzLTRiOTktOWIwYy05OGNhMzU4MGRkMjQiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJ3d3cuMjMxNzk3NTMueHl6IiwgInBhdGgiOiAiL3BhdGgvMTgxNzIxMjcyMTE0In0=Country = #United_States(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTQ0LjI0LjIwMC4xNjQiLCAiYWlkIjogMCwgImhvc3QiOiAiYmV5b25kZHN6LmNmZCIsICJpZCI6ICI5YjQ1NmMyYS1mMmMxLTQ1ZTEtODdhOS1iNzYyOGIwNGJiMjQiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLCAidGxzIjogInRscyIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwgInNuaSI6ICIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiJ9Country = #France(üá´üá∑)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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 = #France(üá´üá∑)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTU0LjgzLjIuOTAiLCAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywgImFpZCI6IDAsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLCAiaWQiOiAiOTUwZGI2YWEtNDkyNi00NjE2LTgxNmUtZWMwMzEyZGNiODdiIiwgInNuaSI6ICJqYWhma2poYS5jZmQiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJqYWhma2poYS5jZmQiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIn0=Country = #Seychelles(üá∏üá®)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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Country = #France(üá´üá∑)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNzIuNjcuMTMxLjE3IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNjJhYTVmODAtMDMyOC00MDA0LWEzNzUtN2Y1YTU5ZGY0MDIyIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTcyLjY3LjEzMS4xNy03NDM2IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlY1x1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlNyBHQi0xNDkuNy4xNi4xNDk6MzcxMDEiLCAiYWRkIjogIjE0OS43LjE2LjE0OSIsICJwb3J0IjogMzcxMDEsICJpZCI6ICJmYjNmYzI0My00Njk4LTQ5YzQtOGM0NC0wNDE1ZjY4YTRkMjUiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogIm5vbmUifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMTcuMjEzLjU3IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAieG1pdmlkZW8uY2ZkIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICI5M2VhNDg2YS1iYWRhLTQyYTQtYWMzOC1kMDg4YjMyMGZhMWUiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfj4FSRUxBWS0xMDQuMTcuMjEzLjU3LTc0NDMiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJ4bWl2aWRlby5jZmQiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlNiBDQS02Ny4yMjAuOTQuMTM3OjU3MTIzIiwgImFkZCI6ICI2Ny4yMjAuOTQuMTM3IiwgInBvcnQiOiA1NzEyMywgImlkIjogImI0ZDNhODFiLWVjMGUtNGEyNy1hMzU5LTZkZWEwYzRmMWY3NSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmM1x1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmMSBOTC0xODUuMjIxLjIxOS4yMDo0Nzg1NiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTg1LjIyMS4yMTkuMjAiLCAicG9ydCI6IDQ3ODU2LCAiaWQiOiAiMDY1MDE2MTQtMmNkZS00NTg5LWI3NWYtOGRmODk1ZTY1YjNjIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIyMy4xNTguNTYuMTg0IiwiYWlkIjoiMCIsImFscG4iOiIiLCJmcCI6IiIsImhvc3QiOiIiLCJpZCI6IjA0NjIxYmFlLWFiMzYtMTFlYy1iOTA5LTAyNDJhYzEyMDAwMiIsIm5ldCI6InRjcCIsInBhdGgiOiIiLCJwb3J0IjoiMjIzMjQiLCJwcyI6Itqp2KfZhtmB24zaryDZvtix2LPYsdi52Kog2LHYp9uM2q/Yp9mG8J+Mi0B2bWVzYyIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJ0bHMiOiIiLCJ0eXBlIjoibm9uZSIsInYiOiIyIn0=‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚ù• MciFree serviceüëáüëáüëáüëáüëá‚úÖ @vmesc
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTY5LjE1MC4yMDguODMiLCAicG9ydCI6IDE4MDAwLCAiYWlkIjogMCwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAiaWQiOiAiZjhjOGRjM2QtMGQzNy00NmIwLThiMzQtYTcyMzI4ODJmY2ZlIn0=Country = #Sweden(üá∏üá™)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTQ5LjcuMTYuMTQ5IiwgInBvcnQiOiAzNzEwMSwgImlkIjogImZiM2ZjMjQzLTQ2OTgtNDljNC04YzQ0LTA0MTVmNjhhNGQyNSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9Country = #United_Kingdom(üá¨üáß)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiNTcuMTI5LjI0LjE0MSIsICJwb3J0IjogIjQ0MyIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAiaWQiOiAiMDNmY2M2MTgtYjkzZC02Nzk2LTZhZWQtOGEzOGM5NzVkNTgxIiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rdndzIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMifQ==Country = #Germany(üá©üá™)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAidXMydm1lc3Mucm5tY25tLmNvbSIsICJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJwb3J0IjogODAsICJpZCI6ICI3ZjhhMWJiOS1iZWUwLTQwYTgtZjkwOC0yMWE2NWRhMGYzY2MiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLzEyM3F3ZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIn0=Country = #US(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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 = #Germany(üá©üá™)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJQYXJzVmRzLmlyIiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiZ2x3ZWlkZi5zYnMiLAogICAgImlkIjogIjc2MjIxYmZiLWU5MmYtNGU4MC04MWM1LTZmZTQ4ZjUwYWMwYiIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rd3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTEwNC4yMS45NC4xNjgtMTEzOSIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTA0LjIxLjE2LjEiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAiYWxwbiI6ICIiLCAiZnAiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjdmOGExYmI5LWJlZTAtNDBhOC1mOTA4LTIxYTY1ZGEwZjNjYyIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvMTIzcXdlIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiODAiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVdTLU5BIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGZmNFx1MjAwZFx1MjYyMFx1ZmUwZiBOQS0xMDQuMjEuMTYuMTo4MCIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzbmkiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAidHlwZSI6ICItLS0iLCAidiI6ICIyIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIyMy4xNjIuMjAwLjIyNyIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogIiIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiMDNmY2M2MTgtYjkzZC02Nzk2LTZhZWQtOGEzOGM5NzVkNTgxIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt2d3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+HqPCfh6ZDQS0yMy4xNjIuMjAwLjIyNy03NDQ3IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICIiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxODguMTE0Ljk3Ljc5IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAibGluZGUwNi5pbmRpYXZpZGVvLnNicyIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiZWRiYjEwNTktMTYzMy00MjcxLWI2NmUtZWQ0ZmJhNDdhMWJmIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTg4LjExNC45Ny43OS03NDQwIiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAibGluZGUwNi5pbmRpYXZpZGVvLnNicyIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTA0LjIxLjk2LjEiLCAiYWlkIjogMCwgImhvc3QiOiAiZGUwMS5zaC1jbG91ZGZsYXJlLnNicyIsICJpZCI6ICI3NWEwODg1Zi0wY2E1LTQyYTQtODY1MS0zOTFjZjgxOTMxNTQiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsICJwb3J0IjogMjA5NiwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGQxMiBWTS1XUy1UTFMgXHVkODNjXHVkZmY0XHUyMDBkXHUyNjIwXHVmZTBmIE5BLTEwNC4yMS45Ni4xOjIwOTYiLCAidGxzIjogInRscyIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwgInNuaSI6ICJkZTAxLnNoLWNsb3VkZmxhcmUuc2JzIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjoiMiIsInBzIjoiRC1GQUlUSC02MjI3IiwiYWRkIjoiMTY3LjcxLjI1MC4xMTUiLCJwb3J0IjoiODg4MSIsImlkIjoiZGI1YWZhZTQtYWMyMy00MWE2LTgzNzgtZjMwN2E5YTQ3NDM2IiwiYWlkIjoiMCIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJuZXQiOiJ0Y3AiLCJ0eXBlIjoiaHR0cCIsImhvc3QiOiJtb2kuaXIiLCJwYXRoIjoiLyIsInRscyI6Im5vbmUiLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJhbHBuIjoiIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess: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 = #Moldova(üá≤üá©)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYyBTRy0xNTQuMjYuMTM3LjQyOjQ0MTA0IiwgImFkZCI6ICIxNTQuMjYuMTM3LjQyIiwgInBvcnQiOiA0NDEwNCwgImlkIjogImU5OTMzYTRjLWU1NmUtNDU4Yy1iY2Y0LTljYjM4NzViYmE1NSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmM1x1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmMSBOTC0xNzIuOTkuMTg4LjE5MDo0NzkyNSIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTcyLjk5LjE4OC4xOTAiLCAicG9ydCI6IDQ3OTI1LCAiaWQiOiAiZjU4ZmZkYTItM2VmYy00OWE1LTkwNDctZjhjMmY5M2M1NzVkIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYlx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmNyBGUi0zOC4xMDkuMjI4LjE2MzoyNzA2MCIsICJhZGQiOiAiMzguMTA5LjIyOC4xNjMiLCAicG9ydCI6IDI3MDYwLCAiaWQiOiAiNzFkYTQwYjktYzIwZS00YTZlLTgwY2ItYzgxNDFmNjkzNTI2IiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNTIuNjcuMjUxLjIzMiIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogImlydmlkZW8uY2ZkIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICJlNTM3ZjJmNS0yYTBjLTRmNTktOTJjOS04MzJjYTY0MzNiZjMiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfh7rwn4e4VVMtMTUyLjY3LjI1MS4yMzItNzQzNSIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogZmFsc2UsCiAgICAic25pIjogImlydmlkZW8uY2ZkIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiJhbGlwLmNvbSIsImFpZCI6IjAiLCJhbHBuIjoiIiwiZnAiOiIiLCJob3N0IjoiIiwiaWQiOiJiNGMxZGQ2Mi1mMGRkLTRhNmYtOGU4NS1lNDI5M2EzMzgxODciLCJuZXQiOiJ0Y3AiLCJwYXRoIjoiIiwicG9ydCI6Ijg2NDMiLCJwcyI6Ilvwn4+BXXQubWUvQ29uZmlnc0h1YiIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJ0bHMiOiIiLCJ0eXBlIjoibm9uZSIsInYiOiIyIn0=œü ·¥õ·¥á ú Ä·¥Ä…¥ œü Íú± ú…™ Ä·¥Ä·¥¢ œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü ·¥ã·¥Ä Ä·¥Ä·¥ä œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: # ô Ä…™·¥õ…™s ú·¥†…™ Ä…¢…™…¥…™s ü·¥Ä…¥·¥Ös(·¥†…¢)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiNjUuMTA5LjE5Mi4yNDQiLCAicG9ydCI6IDI5ODc4LCAiaWQiOiAiNDJjZjZhMmEtZmM1Yy00MjJjLTg4YzQtYzJjZTE3MmEyMWE2IiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=Country = #Finland(üá´üáÆ)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiNDYuMjkuMTY2LjIzNyIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJhbHBuIjogIiIsICJmcCI6ICIiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICIiLCAiaWQiOiAiMGM0OWNkMTktMjc1OC00ZDM4LWU2YTgtMTFmMmQ2NjM1ODYwIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIiLCAicG9ydCI6ICI0NzU1NSIsICJwcyI6ICJcdWQ4M2RcdWRmZTNcdWQ4M2RcdWRkMjUrXHUwNmE5XHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2XHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ0K1x1MDYzM1x1MDYzMVx1MDY0OFx1MDYzMStcdTA2MzFcdTA2MjdcdTA2Y2NcdTA2YWZcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDYrQEZhcmFoVlBOIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNuaSI6ICIiLCAidGxzIjogIiIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidiI6ICIyIn0=Country = #Russia(üá∑üá∫)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTQ2LjU5LjU1LjUwIiwgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsICJhaWQiOiAwLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwgImlkIjogIjAzZmNjNjE4LWI5M2QtNjc5Ni02YWVkLThhMzhjOTc1ZDU4MSIsICJzbmkiOiAid3JtZWxtd3hsZi5na3RldmxycXpud3Fxb3p5LmZhYnBmczY2Z2l6bW5vamhjdnF4d2wua3l0cmNmenFsYTg3Z3ZndnM2Yzdram5ydWJ1aC5jYyIsICJob3N0IjogIm8ubWV0dWppLmNvbSIsICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rdndzIn0=Country = #Poland(üáµüá±)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAicHEtYnJhemlsMS4wOXZwbi5jb20iLCAicG9ydCI6ICI4MCIsICJpZCI6ICJjMDRjM2IzNC03MGZkLTRmZWMtOTYzZS1jMTJkMDlmMzZiZWYiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgImhvc3QiOiAicHEtYnJhemlsMS4wOXZwbi5jb20iLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvdm1lc3MvIn0=Country = #Brazil(üáßüá∑)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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Country = #Spain(üá™üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiNjUuMTA5LjE5Mi4yNDQiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAiYWxwbiI6ICIiLCAiZnAiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjg3MGFhZGZmLTNlYWMtNGQ5Zi1hMjFhLWMxYTAxNjY0YThjOCIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiNTI2MzUiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzbmkiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ2IjogIjIifQ==Country = #Finland(üá´üáÆ)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxODguMTE0Ljk5LjE4MyIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogImxpbmRlMDYuaW5kaWF2aWRlby5zYnMiLAogICAgImlkIjogImVkYmIxMDU5LTE2MzMtNDI3MS1iNjZlLWVkNGZiYTQ3YTFiZiIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rd3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTE4OC4xMTQuOTkuMTgzLTc0MjAiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJsaW5kZTA2LmluZGlhdmlkZW8uc2JzIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYyBTRy02Mi4xNDYuMjMyLjE1Nzo1Mjg1NiIsICJhZGQiOiAiNjIuMTQ2LjIzMi4xNTciLCAicG9ydCI6IDUyODU2LCAiaWQiOiAiZWQ1NGUzODgtYmZjNS00YjM2LWFlNGQtOGIzY2Q0NjBkM2Q0IiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIiwgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjEuOTQuMTY4IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNjJhYTVmODAtMDMyOC00MDA0LWEzNzUtN2Y1YTU5ZGY0MDIyIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTA0LjIxLjk0LjE2OC03NDU5IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICIiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxNzIuNjcuMTcwLjEwMyIsImFpZCI6IjAiLCJhbHBuIjoiaDMiLCJmcCI6ImNocm9tZSIsImhvc3QiOiJnbHdlaWRmLnNicyIsImlkIjoiNzYyMjFiZmItZTkyZi00ZTgwLTgxYzUtNmZlNDhmNTBhYzBiIiwibmV0Ijoid3MiLCJwYXRoIjoiL2xpbmt3cyIsInBvcnQiOiI0NDMiLCJwcyI6Ilvwn4eo8J+Hpl10Lm1lL0NvbmZpZ3NIdWIiLCJzY3kiOiJhdXRvIiwic25pIjoiZ2x3ZWlkZi5zYnMiLCJ0bHMiOiJ0bHMiLCJ0eXBlIjoiIiwidiI6IjIifQ==œü ·¥õ·¥á ú Ä·¥Ä…¥ œü Íú± ú…™ Ä·¥Ä·¥¢ œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü ·¥ã·¥Ä Ä·¥Ä·¥ä œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #·¥Ñ·¥Ä…¥·¥Ä·¥Ö·¥Ä(·¥Ñ·¥Ä)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTIwLjE5OC43MS4yMTQiLCAicG9ydCI6ICIzNDA5MyIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAiaWQiOiAiNDE4MDQ4YWYtYTI5My00Yjk5LTliMGMtOThjYTM1ODBkZDI0IiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICIifQ==Country = #China(üá®üá≥)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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 = #Canada(üá®üá¶)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiNDYuMjUwLjI1My4yMzQiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAiYWxwbiI6ICIiLCAiZnAiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjc2MmIzOTIzLTU4ODUtNGM1Zi04ODZmLWU2Mjc4ODUxMjMzOCIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiMjg4NzIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzbmkiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAidHlwZSI6ICIiLCAidiI6ICIyIn0=Country = #Japan(üáØüáµ)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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 = #Canada(üá®üá¶)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjYuMC45NSIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogIm9iZGlpLmNmZCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiMDU2NDFjZjUtNThkMi00YmE0LWE5ZjEtYjNjZGEwYjFmYjFkIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTA0LjI2LjAuOTUtNzQ3MCIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogZmFsc2UsCiAgICAic25pIjogIm9iZGlpLmNmZCIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMzEuMTI5LjEwNS4yMzkiLCAiYWlkIjogMCwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjc5M2UwM2NjLTJiMDgtNGQxYi1iYjBiLTU5MjU2N2QxOTA0MyIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgInBvcnQiOiAxNjIzMSwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGQxMiBWTS1XUy1OQSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZjdcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZmEgUlUtMzEuMTI5LjEwNS4yMzk6MTYyMzEiLCAidGxzIjogIiIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwgInNuaSI6ICIifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OQSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZWZcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZjUgSlAtMTMuMjMwLjIzNS4yNDc6NDg4ODkiLCAiYWRkIjogIjEzLjIzMC4yMzUuMjQ3IiwgInBvcnQiOiAiNDg4ODkiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgImlkIjogImMxMzBjYjM2LWM5M2YtNGJlNy05MjI4LWE3YTk3ZDQzODg1YSIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsICJob3N0IjogImd5LnlvdWFyZW15Z29kLnRvcCIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlNiBDQS0yMy4xNjIuMjAwLjkxOjIwMTgyIiwgImFkZCI6ICIyMy4xNjIuMjAwLjkxIiwgInBvcnQiOiAyMDE4MiwgImlkIjogImNjOWI2NmI3LTFkZTctNGFhOS05NjQyLTU3NWE4YWUzZmYxOSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNzIuNjcuMTUzLjE1NiIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogInVzd3V4aWFuLnBhaTUwMjg4LnVrIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICJjMzEzNjA2Zi05OGMyLTRkN2ItYmE3NC00OGI5NGY2MWIxMWQiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogODQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTcyLjY3LjE1My4xNTYtMDMwNyIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmYVx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOCBVUy01MS44MS4yMDMuNTc6Mjg4NjAiLCAiYWRkIjogIjUxLjgxLjIwMy41NyIsICJwb3J0IjogMjg4NjAsICJpZCI6ICIxNzg0NDk3ZC0wM2ExLTQwYmItYmI4Yi1kZTRmZmFjN2M1OWMiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogIm5vbmUifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjEuOTQuMTY4IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNjJhYTVmODAtMDMyOC00MDA0LWEzNzUtN2Y1YTU5ZGY0MDIyIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTA0LjIxLjk0LjE2OC03NDQ4IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICIiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYyBTRy02Mi4xNDYuMjMzLjExMjozNjcxMiIsICJhZGQiOiAiNjIuMTQ2LjIzMy4xMTIiLCAicG9ydCI6IDM2NzEyLCAiaWQiOiAiOTI2NmRmNDItMDgzMC00OGMyLTg1MDktNGM1N2IzMGZlMjlkIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNzIuNjcuNzEuMTYwIiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAib2JkaWkuY2ZkIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICIwNTY0MWNmNS01OGQyLTRiYTQtYTlmMS1iM2NkYTBiMWZiMWQiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfj4FSRUxBWS0xNzIuNjcuNzEuMTYwLTc0NzkiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJvYmRpaS5jZmQiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMzguMTQuMTA3LjIyNSIsICJwb3J0IjogMzgwMDMsICJhaWQiOiA2NCwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogInRscyIsICJpZCI6ICI0MTgwNDhhZi1hMjkzLTRiOTktOWIwYy05OGNhMzU4MGRkMjQiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJ3d3cuMjMxNzk3NTMueHl6IiwgInBhdGgiOiAiL3BhdGgvMTgxNzIxMjcyMTE0In0=Country = #United_States(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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 = #France(üá´üá∑)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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 = #France(üá´üá∑)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTU0LjgzLjIuOTAiLCAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywgImFpZCI6IDAsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLCAiaWQiOiAiOTUwZGI2YWEtNDkyNi00NjE2LTgxNmUtZWMwMzEyZGNiODdiIiwgInNuaSI6ICJqYWhma2poYS5jZmQiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJqYWhma2poYS5jZmQiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIn0=Country = #Seychelles(üá∏üá®)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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Country = #France(üá´üá∑)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNzIuNjcuMTMxLjE3IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNjJhYTVmODAtMDMyOC00MDA0LWEzNzUtN2Y1YTU5ZGY0MDIyIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTcyLjY3LjEzMS4xNy03NDM2IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlY1x1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlNyBHQi0xNDkuNy4xNi4xNDk6MzcxMDEiLCAiYWRkIjogIjE0OS43LjE2LjE0OSIsICJwb3J0IjogMzcxMDEsICJpZCI6ICJmYjNmYzI0My00Njk4LTQ5YzQtOGM0NC0wNDE1ZjY4YTRkMjUiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogIm5vbmUifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMTcuMjEzLjU3IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAieG1pdmlkZW8uY2ZkIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICI5M2VhNDg2YS1iYWRhLTQyYTQtYWMzOC1kMDg4YjMyMGZhMWUiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfj4FSRUxBWS0xMDQuMTcuMjEzLjU3LTc0NDMiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJ4bWl2aWRlby5jZmQiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlNiBDQS02Ny4yMjAuOTQuMTM3OjU3MTIzIiwgImFkZCI6ICI2Ny4yMjAuOTQuMTM3IiwgInBvcnQiOiA1NzEyMywgImlkIjogImI0ZDNhODFiLWVjMGUtNGEyNy1hMzU5LTZkZWEwYzRmMWY3NSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmM1x1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmMSBOTC0xODUuMjIxLjIxOS4yMDo0Nzg1NiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTg1LjIyMS4yMTkuMjAiLCAicG9ydCI6IDQ3ODU2LCAiaWQiOiAiMDY1MDE2MTQtMmNkZS00NTg5LWI3NWYtOGRmODk1ZTY1YjNjIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIyMy4xNTguNTYuMTg0IiwiYWlkIjoiMCIsImFscG4iOiIiLCJmcCI6IiIsImhvc3QiOiIiLCJpZCI6IjA0NjIxYmFlLWFiMzYtMTFlYy1iOTA5LTAyNDJhYzEyMDAwMiIsIm5ldCI6InRjcCIsInBhdGgiOiIiLCJwb3J0IjoiMjIzMjQiLCJwcyI6Itqp2KfZhtmB24zaryDZvtix2LPYsdi52Kog2LHYp9uM2q/Yp9mG8J+Mi0B2bWVzYyIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJ0bHMiOiIiLCJ0eXBlIjoibm9uZSIsInYiOiIyIn0=‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚ù• MciFree serviceüëáüëáüëáüëáüëá‚úÖ @vmesc
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTY5LjE1MC4yMDguODMiLCAicG9ydCI6IDE4MDAwLCAiYWlkIjogMCwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAiaWQiOiAiZjhjOGRjM2QtMGQzNy00NmIwLThiMzQtYTcyMzI4ODJmY2ZlIn0=Country = #Sweden(üá∏üá™)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTQ5LjcuMTYuMTQ5IiwgInBvcnQiOiAzNzEwMSwgImlkIjogImZiM2ZjMjQzLTQ2OTgtNDljNC04YzQ0LTA0MTVmNjhhNGQyNSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9Country = #United_Kingdom(üá¨üáß)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiNTcuMTI5LjI0LjE0MSIsICJwb3J0IjogIjQ0MyIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAiaWQiOiAiMDNmY2M2MTgtYjkzZC02Nzk2LTZhZWQtOGEzOGM5NzVkNTgxIiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rdndzIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMifQ==Country = #Germany(üá©üá™)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAidXMydm1lc3Mucm5tY25tLmNvbSIsICJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJwb3J0IjogODAsICJpZCI6ICI3ZjhhMWJiOS1iZWUwLTQwYTgtZjkwOC0yMWE2NWRhMGYzY2MiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLzEyM3F3ZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIn0=Country = #US(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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 = #Germany(üá©üá™)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJQYXJzVmRzLmlyIiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiZ2x3ZWlkZi5zYnMiLAogICAgImlkIjogIjc2MjIxYmZiLWU5MmYtNGU4MC04MWM1LTZmZTQ4ZjUwYWMwYiIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rd3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTEwNC4yMS45NC4xNjgtMTEzOSIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTA0LjIxLjE2LjEiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAiYWxwbiI6ICIiLCAiZnAiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjdmOGExYmI5LWJlZTAtNDBhOC1mOTA4LTIxYTY1ZGEwZjNjYyIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvMTIzcXdlIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiODAiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVdTLU5BIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGZmNFx1MjAwZFx1MjYyMFx1ZmUwZiBOQS0xMDQuMjEuMTYuMTo4MCIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzbmkiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAidHlwZSI6ICItLS0iLCAidiI6ICIyIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIyMy4xNjIuMjAwLjIyNyIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogIiIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiMDNmY2M2MTgtYjkzZC02Nzk2LTZhZWQtOGEzOGM5NzVkNTgxIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt2d3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+HqPCfh6ZDQS0yMy4xNjIuMjAwLjIyNy03NDQ3IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICIiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxODguMTE0Ljk3Ljc5IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAibGluZGUwNi5pbmRpYXZpZGVvLnNicyIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiZWRiYjEwNTktMTYzMy00MjcxLWI2NmUtZWQ0ZmJhNDdhMWJmIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTg4LjExNC45Ny43OS03NDQwIiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAibGluZGUwNi5pbmRpYXZpZGVvLnNicyIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTA0LjIxLjk2LjEiLCAiYWlkIjogMCwgImhvc3QiOiAiZGUwMS5zaC1jbG91ZGZsYXJlLnNicyIsICJpZCI6ICI3NWEwODg1Zi0wY2E1LTQyYTQtODY1MS0zOTFjZjgxOTMxNTQiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsICJwb3J0IjogMjA5NiwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGQxMiBWTS1XUy1UTFMgXHVkODNjXHVkZmY0XHUyMDBkXHUyNjIwXHVmZTBmIE5BLTEwNC4yMS45Ni4xOjIwOTYiLCAidGxzIjogInRscyIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwgInNuaSI6ICJkZTAxLnNoLWNsb3VkZmxhcmUuc2JzIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjoiMiIsInBzIjoiRC1GQUlUSC02MjI3IiwiYWRkIjoiMTY3LjcxLjI1MC4xMTUiLCJwb3J0IjoiODg4MSIsImlkIjoiZGI1YWZhZTQtYWMyMy00MWE2LTgzNzgtZjMwN2E5YTQ3NDM2IiwiYWlkIjoiMCIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJuZXQiOiJ0Y3AiLCJ0eXBlIjoiaHR0cCIsImhvc3QiOiJtb2kuaXIiLCJwYXRoIjoiLyIsInRscyI6Im5vbmUiLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJhbHBuIjoiIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess: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 = #Moldova(üá≤üá©)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYyBTRy0xNTQuMjYuMTM3LjQyOjQ0MTA0IiwgImFkZCI6ICIxNTQuMjYuMTM3LjQyIiwgInBvcnQiOiA0NDEwNCwgImlkIjogImU5OTMzYTRjLWU1NmUtNDU4Yy1iY2Y0LTljYjM4NzViYmE1NSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmM1x1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmMSBOTC0xNzIuOTkuMTg4LjE5MDo0NzkyNSIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTcyLjk5LjE4OC4xOTAiLCAicG9ydCI6IDQ3OTI1LCAiaWQiOiAiZjU4ZmZkYTItM2VmYy00OWE1LTkwNDctZjhjMmY5M2M1NzVkIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYlx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmNyBGUi0zOC4xMDkuMjI4LjE2MzoyNzA2MCIsICJhZGQiOiAiMzguMTA5LjIyOC4xNjMiLCAicG9ydCI6IDI3MDYwLCAiaWQiOiAiNzFkYTQwYjktYzIwZS00YTZlLTgwY2ItYzgxNDFmNjkzNTI2IiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNTIuNjcuMjUxLjIzMiIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogImlydmlkZW8uY2ZkIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICJlNTM3ZjJmNS0yYTBjLTRmNTktOTJjOS04MzJjYTY0MzNiZjMiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfh7rwn4e4VVMtMTUyLjY3LjI1MS4yMzItNzQzNSIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogZmFsc2UsCiAgICAic25pIjogImlydmlkZW8uY2ZkIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiJhbGlwLmNvbSIsImFpZCI6IjAiLCJhbHBuIjoiIiwiZnAiOiIiLCJob3N0IjoiIiwiaWQiOiJiNGMxZGQ2Mi1mMGRkLTRhNmYtOGU4NS1lNDI5M2EzMzgxODciLCJuZXQiOiJ0Y3AiLCJwYXRoIjoiIiwicG9ydCI6Ijg2NDMiLCJwcyI6Ilvwn4+BXXQubWUvQ29uZmlnc0h1YiIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJ0bHMiOiIiLCJ0eXBlIjoibm9uZSIsInYiOiIyIn0=œü ·¥õ·¥á ú Ä·¥Ä…¥ œü Íú± ú…™ Ä·¥Ä·¥¢ œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü ·¥ã·¥Ä Ä·¥Ä·¥ä œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: # ô Ä…™·¥õ…™s ú·¥†…™ Ä…¢…™…¥…™s ü·¥Ä…¥·¥Ös(·¥†…¢)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiNjUuMTA5LjE5Mi4yNDQiLCAicG9ydCI6IDI5ODc4LCAiaWQiOiAiNDJjZjZhMmEtZmM1Yy00MjJjLTg4YzQtYzJjZTE3MmEyMWE2IiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=Country = #Finland(üá´üáÆ)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiNDYuMjkuMTY2LjIzNyIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJhbHBuIjogIiIsICJmcCI6ICIiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICIiLCAiaWQiOiAiMGM0OWNkMTktMjc1OC00ZDM4LWU2YTgtMTFmMmQ2NjM1ODYwIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIiLCAicG9ydCI6ICI0NzU1NSIsICJwcyI6ICJcdWQ4M2RcdWRmZTNcdWQ4M2RcdWRkMjUrXHUwNmE5XHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2XHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ0K1x1MDYzM1x1MDYzMVx1MDY0OFx1MDYzMStcdTA2MzFcdTA2MjdcdTA2Y2NcdTA2YWZcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDYrQEZhcmFoVlBOIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNuaSI6ICIiLCAidGxzIjogIiIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidiI6ICIyIn0=Country = #Russia(üá∑üá∫)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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Country = #Poland(üáµüá±)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAicHEtYnJhemlsMS4wOXZwbi5jb20iLCAicG9ydCI6ICI4MCIsICJpZCI6ICJjMDRjM2IzNC03MGZkLTRmZWMtOTYzZS1jMTJkMDlmMzZiZWYiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgImhvc3QiOiAicHEtYnJhemlsMS4wOXZwbi5jb20iLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvdm1lc3MvIn0=Country = #Brazil(üáßüá∑)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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Country = #Spain(üá™üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiNjUuMTA5LjE5Mi4yNDQiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAiYWxwbiI6ICIiLCAiZnAiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjg3MGFhZGZmLTNlYWMtNGQ5Zi1hMjFhLWMxYTAxNjY0YThjOCIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiNTI2MzUiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzbmkiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ2IjogIjIifQ==Country = #Finland(üá´üáÆ)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxODguMTE0Ljk5LjE4MyIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogImxpbmRlMDYuaW5kaWF2aWRlby5zYnMiLAogICAgImlkIjogImVkYmIxMDU5LTE2MzMtNDI3MS1iNjZlLWVkNGZiYTQ3YTFiZiIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rd3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTE4OC4xMTQuOTkuMTgzLTc0MjAiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJsaW5kZTA2LmluZGlhdmlkZW8uc2JzIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYyBTRy02Mi4xNDYuMjMyLjE1Nzo1Mjg1NiIsICJhZGQiOiAiNjIuMTQ2LjIzMi4xNTciLCAicG9ydCI6IDUyODU2LCAiaWQiOiAiZWQ1NGUzODgtYmZjNS00YjM2LWFlNGQtOGIzY2Q0NjBkM2Q0IiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIiwgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjEuOTQuMTY4IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNjJhYTVmODAtMDMyOC00MDA0LWEzNzUtN2Y1YTU5ZGY0MDIyIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTA0LjIxLjk0LjE2OC03NDU5IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICIiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess: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Country = #United_States(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIzOC4xNC4xMDcuMjI1IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiA2NCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogInd3dy4yMzE3OTc1My54eXoiLAogICAgImlkIjogIjQxODA0OGFmLWEyOTMtNGI5OS05YjBjLTk4Y2EzNTgwZGQyNCIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9wYXRoLzE4MTcyMTI3MjExNCIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDM4MDAzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfh7rwn4e4VVMtMzguMTQuMTA3LjIyNS03NDk4IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICIiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjEuMTguMjI3IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiamFoZmtqaGEuY2ZkIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICI5NTBkYjZhYS00OTI2LTQ2MTYtODE2ZS1lYzAzMTJkY2I4N2IiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfj4FSRUxBWS0xMDQuMjEuMTguMjI3LTc1MjAiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsCiAgICAic25pIjogIiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjoiMiIsInBzIjoiRC1GT1gtMjA4OCIsImFkZCI6IjEzOC4xOTcuMS4yMjIiLCJwb3J0IjoiODg4MSIsImlkIjoiZGI1YWZhZTQtYWMyMy00MWE2LTgzNzgtZjMwN2E5YTQ3NDM2IiwiYWlkIjoiMCIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJuZXQiOiJ0Y3AiLCJ0eXBlIjoiaHR0cCIsImhvc3QiOiJtb2kuaXIiLCJwYXRoIjoiLyIsInRscyI6Im5vbmUiLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJhbHBuIjoiIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxNzIuNjcuMTcwLjEwMyIsImFpZCI6IjAiLCJhbHBuIjoiaDMiLCJmcCI6ImNocm9tZSIsImhvc3QiOiJnbHdlaWRmLnNicyIsImlkIjoiNzYyMjFiZmItZTkyZi00ZTgwLTgxYzUtNmZlNDhmNTBhYzBiIiwibmV0Ijoid3MiLCJwYXRoIjoiL2xpbmt3cyIsInBvcnQiOiI0NDMiLCJwcyI6Ilvwn4eo8J+Hpl10Lm1lL0NvbmZpZ3NIdWIiLCJzY3kiOiJhdXRvIiwic25pIjoiZ2x3ZWlkZi5zYnMiLCJ0bHMiOiJ0bHMiLCJ0eXBlIjoiIiwidiI6IjIifQ==œü ·¥õ·¥á ú Ä·¥Ä…¥ œü Íú± ú…™ Ä·¥Ä·¥¢ œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü ·¥ã·¥Ä Ä·¥Ä·¥ä œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #·¥Ñ·¥Ä…¥·¥Ä·¥Ö·¥Ä(·¥Ñ·¥Ä)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTIwLjE5OC43MS4yMTQiLCAicG9ydCI6ICIzNDA5MyIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAiaWQiOiAiNDE4MDQ4YWYtYTI5My00Yjk5LTliMGMtOThjYTM1ODBkZDI0IiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICIifQ==Country = #China(üá®üá≥)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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 = #Canada(üá®üá¶)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiNDYuMjUwLjI1My4yMzQiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAiYWxwbiI6ICIiLCAiZnAiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjc2MmIzOTIzLTU4ODUtNGM1Zi04ODZmLWU2Mjc4ODUxMjMzOCIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiMjg4NzIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzbmkiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAidHlwZSI6ICIiLCAidiI6ICIyIn0=Country = #Japan(üáØüáµ)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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 = #Canada(üá®üá¶)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjYuMC45NSIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogIm9iZGlpLmNmZCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiMDU2NDFjZjUtNThkMi00YmE0LWE5ZjEtYjNjZGEwYjFmYjFkIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTA0LjI2LjAuOTUtNzQ3MCIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogZmFsc2UsCiAgICAic25pIjogIm9iZGlpLmNmZCIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMzEuMTI5LjEwNS4yMzkiLCAiYWlkIjogMCwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjc5M2UwM2NjLTJiMDgtNGQxYi1iYjBiLTU5MjU2N2QxOTA0MyIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgInBvcnQiOiAxNjIzMSwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGQxMiBWTS1XUy1OQSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZjdcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZmEgUlUtMzEuMTI5LjEwNS4yMzk6MTYyMzEiLCAidGxzIjogIiIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwgInNuaSI6ICIifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OQSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZWZcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZjUgSlAtMTMuMjMwLjIzNS4yNDc6NDg4ODkiLCAiYWRkIjogIjEzLjIzMC4yMzUuMjQ3IiwgInBvcnQiOiAiNDg4ODkiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgImlkIjogImMxMzBjYjM2LWM5M2YtNGJlNy05MjI4LWE3YTk3ZDQzODg1YSIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsICJob3N0IjogImd5LnlvdWFyZW15Z29kLnRvcCIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlNiBDQS0yMy4xNjIuMjAwLjkxOjIwMTgyIiwgImFkZCI6ICIyMy4xNjIuMjAwLjkxIiwgInBvcnQiOiAyMDE4MiwgImlkIjogImNjOWI2NmI3LTFkZTctNGFhOS05NjQyLTU3NWE4YWUzZmYxOSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNzIuNjcuMTUzLjE1NiIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogInVzd3V4aWFuLnBhaTUwMjg4LnVrIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICJjMzEzNjA2Zi05OGMyLTRkN2ItYmE3NC00OGI5NGY2MWIxMWQiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogODQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTcyLjY3LjE1My4xNTYtMDMwNyIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmYVx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOCBVUy01MS44MS4yMDMuNTc6Mjg4NjAiLCAiYWRkIjogIjUxLjgxLjIwMy41NyIsICJwb3J0IjogMjg4NjAsICJpZCI6ICIxNzg0NDk3ZC0wM2ExLTQwYmItYmI4Yi1kZTRmZmFjN2M1OWMiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogIm5vbmUifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjEuOTQuMTY4IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNjJhYTVmODAtMDMyOC00MDA0LWEzNzUtN2Y1YTU5ZGY0MDIyIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTA0LjIxLjk0LjE2OC03NDQ4IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICIiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYyBTRy02Mi4xNDYuMjMzLjExMjozNjcxMiIsICJhZGQiOiAiNjIuMTQ2LjIzMy4xMTIiLCAicG9ydCI6IDM2NzEyLCAiaWQiOiAiOTI2NmRmNDItMDgzMC00OGMyLTg1MDktNGM1N2IzMGZlMjlkIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNzIuNjcuNzEuMTYwIiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAib2JkaWkuY2ZkIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICIwNTY0MWNmNS01OGQyLTRiYTQtYTlmMS1iM2NkYTBiMWZiMWQiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfj4FSRUxBWS0xNzIuNjcuNzEuMTYwLTc0NzkiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJvYmRpaS5jZmQiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMzguMTQuMTA3LjIyNSIsICJwb3J0IjogMzgwMDMsICJhaWQiOiA2NCwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogInRscyIsICJpZCI6ICI0MTgwNDhhZi1hMjkzLTRiOTktOWIwYy05OGNhMzU4MGRkMjQiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJ3d3cuMjMxNzk3NTMueHl6IiwgInBhdGgiOiAiL3BhdGgvMTgxNzIxMjcyMTE0In0=Country = #United_States(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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 = #France(üá´üá∑)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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 = #France(üá´üá∑)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTU0LjgzLjIuOTAiLCAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywgImFpZCI6IDAsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLCAiaWQiOiAiOTUwZGI2YWEtNDkyNi00NjE2LTgxNmUtZWMwMzEyZGNiODdiIiwgInNuaSI6ICJqYWhma2poYS5jZmQiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJqYWhma2poYS5jZmQiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIn0=Country = #Seychelles(üá∏üá®)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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Country = #France(üá´üá∑)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNzIuNjcuMTMxLjE3IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNjJhYTVmODAtMDMyOC00MDA0LWEzNzUtN2Y1YTU5ZGY0MDIyIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTcyLjY3LjEzMS4xNy03NDM2IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlY1x1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlNyBHQi0xNDkuNy4xNi4xNDk6MzcxMDEiLCAiYWRkIjogIjE0OS43LjE2LjE0OSIsICJwb3J0IjogMzcxMDEsICJpZCI6ICJmYjNmYzI0My00Njk4LTQ5YzQtOGM0NC0wNDE1ZjY4YTRkMjUiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogIm5vbmUifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMTcuMjEzLjU3IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAieG1pdmlkZW8uY2ZkIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICI5M2VhNDg2YS1iYWRhLTQyYTQtYWMzOC1kMDg4YjMyMGZhMWUiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfj4FSRUxBWS0xMDQuMTcuMjEzLjU3LTc0NDMiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJ4bWl2aWRlby5jZmQiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlNiBDQS02Ny4yMjAuOTQuMTM3OjU3MTIzIiwgImFkZCI6ICI2Ny4yMjAuOTQuMTM3IiwgInBvcnQiOiA1NzEyMywgImlkIjogImI0ZDNhODFiLWVjMGUtNGEyNy1hMzU5LTZkZWEwYzRmMWY3NSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmM1x1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmMSBOTC0xODUuMjIxLjIxOS4yMDo0Nzg1NiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTg1LjIyMS4yMTkuMjAiLCAicG9ydCI6IDQ3ODU2LCAiaWQiOiAiMDY1MDE2MTQtMmNkZS00NTg5LWI3NWYtOGRmODk1ZTY1YjNjIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIyMy4xNTguNTYuMTg0IiwiYWlkIjoiMCIsImFscG4iOiIiLCJmcCI6IiIsImhvc3QiOiIiLCJpZCI6IjA0NjIxYmFlLWFiMzYtMTFlYy1iOTA5LTAyNDJhYzEyMDAwMiIsIm5ldCI6InRjcCIsInBhdGgiOiIiLCJwb3J0IjoiMjIzMjQiLCJwcyI6Itqp2KfZhtmB24zaryDZvtix2LPYsdi52Kog2LHYp9uM2q/Yp9mG8J+Mi0B2bWVzYyIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJ0bHMiOiIiLCJ0eXBlIjoibm9uZSIsInYiOiIyIn0=‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚ù• MciFree serviceüëáüëáüëáüëáüëá‚úÖ @vmesc
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTY5LjE1MC4yMDguODMiLCAicG9ydCI6IDE4MDAwLCAiYWlkIjogMCwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAiaWQiOiAiZjhjOGRjM2QtMGQzNy00NmIwLThiMzQtYTcyMzI4ODJmY2ZlIn0=Country = #Sweden(üá∏üá™)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTQ5LjcuMTYuMTQ5IiwgInBvcnQiOiAzNzEwMSwgImlkIjogImZiM2ZjMjQzLTQ2OTgtNDljNC04YzQ0LTA0MTVmNjhhNGQyNSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9Country = #United_Kingdom(üá¨üáß)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiNTcuMTI5LjI0LjE0MSIsICJwb3J0IjogIjQ0MyIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAiaWQiOiAiMDNmY2M2MTgtYjkzZC02Nzk2LTZhZWQtOGEzOGM5NzVkNTgxIiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rdndzIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMifQ==Country = #Germany(üá©üá™)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAidXMydm1lc3Mucm5tY25tLmNvbSIsICJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJwb3J0IjogODAsICJpZCI6ICI3ZjhhMWJiOS1iZWUwLTQwYTgtZjkwOC0yMWE2NWRhMGYzY2MiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLzEyM3F3ZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIn0=Country = #US(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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 = #Germany(üá©üá™)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJQYXJzVmRzLmlyIiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiZ2x3ZWlkZi5zYnMiLAogICAgImlkIjogIjc2MjIxYmZiLWU5MmYtNGU4MC04MWM1LTZmZTQ4ZjUwYWMwYiIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rd3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTEwNC4yMS45NC4xNjgtMTEzOSIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTA0LjIxLjE2LjEiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAiYWxwbiI6ICIiLCAiZnAiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjdmOGExYmI5LWJlZTAtNDBhOC1mOTA4LTIxYTY1ZGEwZjNjYyIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvMTIzcXdlIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiODAiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVdTLU5BIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGZmNFx1MjAwZFx1MjYyMFx1ZmUwZiBOQS0xMDQuMjEuMTYuMTo4MCIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzbmkiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAidHlwZSI6ICItLS0iLCAidiI6ICIyIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIyMy4xNjIuMjAwLjIyNyIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogIiIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiMDNmY2M2MTgtYjkzZC02Nzk2LTZhZWQtOGEzOGM5NzVkNTgxIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt2d3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+HqPCfh6ZDQS0yMy4xNjIuMjAwLjIyNy03NDQ3IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICIiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxODguMTE0Ljk3Ljc5IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAibGluZGUwNi5pbmRpYXZpZGVvLnNicyIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiZWRiYjEwNTktMTYzMy00MjcxLWI2NmUtZWQ0ZmJhNDdhMWJmIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTg4LjExNC45Ny43OS03NDQwIiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAibGluZGUwNi5pbmRpYXZpZGVvLnNicyIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTA0LjIxLjk2LjEiLCAiYWlkIjogMCwgImhvc3QiOiAiZGUwMS5zaC1jbG91ZGZsYXJlLnNicyIsICJpZCI6ICI3NWEwODg1Zi0wY2E1LTQyYTQtODY1MS0zOTFjZjgxOTMxNTQiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsICJwb3J0IjogMjA5NiwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGQxMiBWTS1XUy1UTFMgXHVkODNjXHVkZmY0XHUyMDBkXHUyNjIwXHVmZTBmIE5BLTEwNC4yMS45Ni4xOjIwOTYiLCAidGxzIjogInRscyIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwgInNuaSI6ICJkZTAxLnNoLWNsb3VkZmxhcmUuc2JzIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjoiMiIsInBzIjoiRC1GQUlUSC02MjI3IiwiYWRkIjoiMTY3LjcxLjI1MC4xMTUiLCJwb3J0IjoiODg4MSIsImlkIjoiZGI1YWZhZTQtYWMyMy00MWE2LTgzNzgtZjMwN2E5YTQ3NDM2IiwiYWlkIjoiMCIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJuZXQiOiJ0Y3AiLCJ0eXBlIjoiaHR0cCIsImhvc3QiOiJtb2kuaXIiLCJwYXRoIjoiLyIsInRscyI6Im5vbmUiLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJhbHBuIjoiIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess: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 = #Moldova(üá≤üá©)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYyBTRy0xNTQuMjYuMTM3LjQyOjQ0MTA0IiwgImFkZCI6ICIxNTQuMjYuMTM3LjQyIiwgInBvcnQiOiA0NDEwNCwgImlkIjogImU5OTMzYTRjLWU1NmUtNDU4Yy1iY2Y0LTljYjM4NzViYmE1NSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmM1x1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmMSBOTC0xNzIuOTkuMTg4LjE5MDo0NzkyNSIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTcyLjk5LjE4OC4xOTAiLCAicG9ydCI6IDQ3OTI1LCAiaWQiOiAiZjU4ZmZkYTItM2VmYy00OWE1LTkwNDctZjhjMmY5M2M1NzVkIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYlx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmNyBGUi0zOC4xMDkuMjI4LjE2MzoyNzA2MCIsICJhZGQiOiAiMzguMTA5LjIyOC4xNjMiLCAicG9ydCI6IDI3MDYwLCAiaWQiOiAiNzFkYTQwYjktYzIwZS00YTZlLTgwY2ItYzgxNDFmNjkzNTI2IiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNTIuNjcuMjUxLjIzMiIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogImlydmlkZW8uY2ZkIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICJlNTM3ZjJmNS0yYTBjLTRmNTktOTJjOS04MzJjYTY0MzNiZjMiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfh7rwn4e4VVMtMTUyLjY3LjI1MS4yMzItNzQzNSIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogZmFsc2UsCiAgICAic25pIjogImlydmlkZW8uY2ZkIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiJhbGlwLmNvbSIsImFpZCI6IjAiLCJhbHBuIjoiIiwiZnAiOiIiLCJob3N0IjoiIiwiaWQiOiJiNGMxZGQ2Mi1mMGRkLTRhNmYtOGU4NS1lNDI5M2EzMzgxODciLCJuZXQiOiJ0Y3AiLCJwYXRoIjoiIiwicG9ydCI6Ijg2NDMiLCJwcyI6Ilvwn4+BXXQubWUvQ29uZmlnc0h1YiIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJ0bHMiOiIiLCJ0eXBlIjoibm9uZSIsInYiOiIyIn0=œü ·¥õ·¥á ú Ä·¥Ä…¥ œü Íú± ú…™ Ä·¥Ä·¥¢ œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü ·¥ã·¥Ä Ä·¥Ä·¥ä œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: # ô Ä…™·¥õ…™s ú·¥†…™ Ä…¢…™…¥…™s ü·¥Ä…¥·¥Ös(·¥†…¢)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiNjUuMTA5LjE5Mi4yNDQiLCAicG9ydCI6IDI5ODc4LCAiaWQiOiAiNDJjZjZhMmEtZmM1Yy00MjJjLTg4YzQtYzJjZTE3MmEyMWE2IiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=Country = #Finland(üá´üáÆ)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiNDYuMjkuMTY2LjIzNyIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJhbHBuIjogIiIsICJmcCI6ICIiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICIiLCAiaWQiOiAiMGM0OWNkMTktMjc1OC00ZDM4LWU2YTgtMTFmMmQ2NjM1ODYwIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIiLCAicG9ydCI6ICI0NzU1NSIsICJwcyI6ICJcdWQ4M2RcdWRmZTNcdWQ4M2RcdWRkMjUrXHUwNmE5XHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2XHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ0K1x1MDYzM1x1MDYzMVx1MDY0OFx1MDYzMStcdTA2MzFcdTA2MjdcdTA2Y2NcdTA2YWZcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDYrQEZhcmFoVlBOIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNuaSI6ICIiLCAidGxzIjogIiIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidiI6ICIyIn0=Country = #Russia(üá∑üá∫)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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Country = #Poland(üáµüá±)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAicHEtYnJhemlsMS4wOXZwbi5jb20iLCAicG9ydCI6ICI4MCIsICJpZCI6ICJjMDRjM2IzNC03MGZkLTRmZWMtOTYzZS1jMTJkMDlmMzZiZWYiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgImhvc3QiOiAicHEtYnJhemlsMS4wOXZwbi5jb20iLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvdm1lc3MvIn0=Country = #Brazil(üáßüá∑)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiNjcuMjIwLjY2LjE5NCIsICJhaWQiOiAwLCAiaG9zdCI6ICI2Ny4yMjAuNjYuMTk0IiwgImlkIjogIjAzZmNjNjE4LWI5M2QtNjc5Ni02YWVkLThhMzhjOTc1ZDU4MSIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICJsaW5rdndzIiwgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsICJwcyI6ICJcdWQ4M2RcdWRmZTNcdWQ4M2RcdWRkMjUrXHUwNmE5XHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2XHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ0K1x1MDYzM1x1MDYzMVx1MDY0OFx1MDYzMStcdTA2MzFcdTA2MjdcdTA2Y2NcdTA2YWZcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDYrQEZhcmFoVlBOIiwgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLCAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsICJzbmkiOiAiIn0=Country = #Spain(üá™üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiNjUuMTA5LjE5Mi4yNDQiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAiYWxwbiI6ICIiLCAiZnAiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjg3MGFhZGZmLTNlYWMtNGQ5Zi1hMjFhLWMxYTAxNjY0YThjOCIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiNTI2MzUiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzbmkiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ2IjogIjIifQ==Country = #Finland(üá´üáÆ)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxODguMTE0Ljk5LjE4MyIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogImxpbmRlMDYuaW5kaWF2aWRlby5zYnMiLAogICAgImlkIjogImVkYmIxMDU5LTE2MzMtNDI3MS1iNjZlLWVkNGZiYTQ3YTFiZiIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rd3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTE4OC4xMTQuOTkuMTgzLTc0MjAiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJsaW5kZTA2LmluZGlhdmlkZW8uc2JzIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYyBTRy02Mi4xNDYuMjMyLjE1Nzo1Mjg1NiIsICJhZGQiOiAiNjIuMTQ2LjIzMi4xNTciLCAicG9ydCI6IDUyODU2LCAiaWQiOiAiZWQ1NGUzODgtYmZjNS00YjM2LWFlNGQtOGIzY2Q0NjBkM2Q0IiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIiwgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjEuOTQuMTY4IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNjJhYTVmODAtMDMyOC00MDA0LWEzNzUtN2Y1YTU5ZGY0MDIyIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTA0LjIxLjk0LjE2OC03NDU5IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICIiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess: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Country = #United_States(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIzOC4xNC4xMDcuMjI1IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiA2NCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogInd3dy4yMzE3OTc1My54eXoiLAogICAgImlkIjogIjQxODA0OGFmLWEyOTMtNGI5OS05YjBjLTk4Y2EzNTgwZGQyNCIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9wYXRoLzE4MTcyMTI3MjExNCIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDM4MDAzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfh7rwn4e4VVMtMzguMTQuMTA3LjIyNS03NDk4IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICIiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjEuMTguMjI3IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiamFoZmtqaGEuY2ZkIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICI5NTBkYjZhYS00OTI2LTQ2MTYtODE2ZS1lYzAzMTJkY2I4N2IiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfj4FSRUxBWS0xMDQuMjEuMTguMjI3LTc1MjAiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsCiAgICAic25pIjogIiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjoiMiIsInBzIjoiRC1GT1gtMjA4OCIsImFkZCI6IjEzOC4xOTcuMS4yMjIiLCJwb3J0IjoiODg4MSIsImlkIjoiZGI1YWZhZTQtYWMyMy00MWE2LTgzNzgtZjMwN2E5YTQ3NDM2IiwiYWlkIjoiMCIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJuZXQiOiJ0Y3AiLCJ0eXBlIjoiaHR0cCIsImhvc3QiOiJtb2kuaXIiLCJwYXRoIjoiLyIsInRscyI6Im5vbmUiLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJhbHBuIjoiIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxODUuMTQ2LjE3My4xNTgiLCJhaWQiOiIwIiwiYWxwbiI6IiIsImZwIjoiIiwiaG9zdCI6ImphaGZramhhLmNmZCIsImlkIjoiOTUwZGI2YWEtNDkyNi00NjE2LTgxNmUtZWMwMzEyZGNiODdiIiwibmV0Ijoid3MiLCJwYXRoIjoiL2xpbmt3cyIsInBvcnQiOiI0NDMiLCJwcyI6Ilvwn4e48J+Hql10Lm1lL0NvbmZpZ3NIdWIiLCJzY3kiOiJhdXRvIiwic25pIjoiamFoZmtqaGEuY2ZkIiwidGxzIjoidGxzIiwidHlwZSI6IiIsInYiOiIyIn0=œü ·¥õ·¥á ú Ä·¥Ä…¥ œü Íú± ú…™ Ä·¥Ä·¥¢ œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü ·¥ã·¥Ä Ä·¥Ä·¥ä œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #s·¥°·¥á·¥Ö·¥á…¥(s·¥á)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiczIuZGItbGluazAyLnRvcCIsICJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJwb3J0IjogODA4MCwgImlkIjogIjRiMzY2MjVjLWI5ZDktM2VhNi1hZWQ1LTg2ZDYyYzcwZTE2ZCIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAidHlwZSI6ICIiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICIxMDAtMTE5LTE1MS0yNDguczIuZGItbGluazAyLnRvcCIsICJwYXRoIjogIi9kYWJhaS5pbjE3Mi42NC40MS4xNTAiLCAidGxzIjogIiJ9Country = #US(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTcyLjk5LjE4OC4xOTAiLCAicG9ydCI6IDQ3OTI1LCAiaWQiOiAiZjU4ZmZkYTItM2VmYy00OWE1LTkwNDctZjhjMmY5M2M1NzVkIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=Country = #The_Netherlands(üá≥üá±)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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Country = #Canada(üá®üá¶)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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Country = #Germany(üá©üá™)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTcwLjExNC40NS41MiIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJhbHBuIjogIiIsICJmcCI6ICIiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJ1c3RvdWNqam5pZDE4c2o2dXMubG92ZWJhaXBpYW8uY29tIiwgImlkIjogIjkxOTliZjc4LTg3NjItNGVjNS05YjdmLTA3Mzk2YjcxZTlkNCIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiMjA4NiIsICJwcyI6ICJcdWQ4M2RcdWRkMTIgVk0tV1MtTkEgXHVkODNjXHVkZGZhXHVkODNjXHVkZGY4IFVTLTE3MC4xMTQuNDUuNTI6MjA4NiIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzbmkiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAidHlwZSI6ICIiLCAidiI6ICIyIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess: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ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMzcuMjcuMTgyLjEwOSIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJob3N0IjogIiIsICJpZCI6ICJiM2E2NDM1Yi1mZWFlLTQxZjQtYTZiOC1jZjNjMDllNTM2ZTEiLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJwYXRoIjogIiIsICJwb3J0IjogMzM3OCwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGQxMiBWTS1UQ1AtTk9ORSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZWJcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZWUgRkktMzcuMjcuMTgyLjEwOTozMzc4IiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiIiwgInYiOiAiMiJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxODguMTE0Ljk3Ljc5IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAibGluZGUwNi5pbmRpYXZpZGVvLnNicyIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiZWRiYjEwNTktMTYzMy00MjcxLWI2NmUtZWQ0ZmJhNDdhMWJmIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTg4LjExNC45Ny43OS03NTE3IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAibGluZGUwNi5pbmRpYXZpZGVvLnNicyIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTA0LjIxLjgyLjE4MyIsICJhaWQiOiAwLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJzZXJ2ZXIyNi5iZWhlc2h0YmFuZWguY29tIiwgImlkIjogIjVhNzAyMWUwLTI2YjQtNDVkNi1iMTc1LWZlNTUxNjAxY2E5NyIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgInBvcnQiOiA4ODgwLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVdTLU5BIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGZmNFx1MjAwZFx1MjYyMFx1ZmUwZiBOQS0xMDQuMjEuODIuMTgzOjg4ODAiLCAidGxzIjogIiIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwgInNuaSI6ICIifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjEuOTQuMTY4IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNjJhYTVmODAtMDMyOC00MDA0LWEzNzUtN2Y1YTU5ZGY0MDIyIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTA0LjIxLjk0LjE2OC03NTUwIiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICIiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxNzIuNjcuMTcwLjEwMyIsImFpZCI6IjAiLCJhbHBuIjoiaDMiLCJmcCI6ImNocm9tZSIsImhvc3QiOiJnbHdlaWRmLnNicyIsImlkIjoiNzYyMjFiZmItZTkyZi00ZTgwLTgxYzUtNmZlNDhmNTBhYzBiIiwibmV0Ijoid3MiLCJwYXRoIjoiL2xpbmt3cyIsInBvcnQiOiI0NDMiLCJwcyI6Ilvwn4eo8J+Hpl10Lm1lL0NvbmZpZ3NIdWIiLCJzY3kiOiJhdXRvIiwic25pIjoiZ2x3ZWlkZi5zYnMiLCJ0bHMiOiJ0bHMiLCJ0eXBlIjoiIiwidiI6IjIifQ==œü ·¥õ·¥á ú Ä·¥Ä…¥ œü Íú± ú…™ Ä·¥Ä·¥¢ œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü ·¥ã·¥Ä Ä·¥Ä·¥ä œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #·¥Ñ·¥Ä…¥·¥Ä·¥Ö·¥Ä(·¥Ñ·¥Ä)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTIwLjE5OC43MS4yMTQiLCAicG9ydCI6ICIzNDA5MyIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAiaWQiOiAiNDE4MDQ4YWYtYTI5My00Yjk5LTliMGMtOThjYTM1ODBkZDI0IiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICIifQ==Country = #China(üá®üá≥)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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 = #Canada(üá®üá¶)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiNDYuMjUwLjI1My4yMzQiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAiYWxwbiI6ICIiLCAiZnAiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjc2MmIzOTIzLTU4ODUtNGM1Zi04ODZmLWU2Mjc4ODUxMjMzOCIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiMjg4NzIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzbmkiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAidHlwZSI6ICIiLCAidiI6ICIyIn0=Country = #Japan(üáØüáµ)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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 = #Canada(üá®üá¶)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjYuMC45NSIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogIm9iZGlpLmNmZCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiMDU2NDFjZjUtNThkMi00YmE0LWE5ZjEtYjNjZGEwYjFmYjFkIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTA0LjI2LjAuOTUtNzQ3MCIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogZmFsc2UsCiAgICAic25pIjogIm9iZGlpLmNmZCIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMzEuMTI5LjEwNS4yMzkiLCAiYWlkIjogMCwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjc5M2UwM2NjLTJiMDgtNGQxYi1iYjBiLTU5MjU2N2QxOTA0MyIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgInBvcnQiOiAxNjIzMSwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGQxMiBWTS1XUy1OQSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZjdcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZmEgUlUtMzEuMTI5LjEwNS4yMzk6MTYyMzEiLCAidGxzIjogIiIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwgInNuaSI6ICIifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OQSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZWZcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZjUgSlAtMTMuMjMwLjIzNS4yNDc6NDg4ODkiLCAiYWRkIjogIjEzLjIzMC4yMzUuMjQ3IiwgInBvcnQiOiAiNDg4ODkiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgImlkIjogImMxMzBjYjM2LWM5M2YtNGJlNy05MjI4LWE3YTk3ZDQzODg1YSIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsICJob3N0IjogImd5LnlvdWFyZW15Z29kLnRvcCIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlNiBDQS0yMy4xNjIuMjAwLjkxOjIwMTgyIiwgImFkZCI6ICIyMy4xNjIuMjAwLjkxIiwgInBvcnQiOiAyMDE4MiwgImlkIjogImNjOWI2NmI3LTFkZTctNGFhOS05NjQyLTU3NWE4YWUzZmYxOSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNzIuNjcuMTUzLjE1NiIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogInVzd3V4aWFuLnBhaTUwMjg4LnVrIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICJjMzEzNjA2Zi05OGMyLTRkN2ItYmE3NC00OGI5NGY2MWIxMWQiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogODQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTcyLjY3LjE1My4xNTYtMDMwNyIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmYVx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOCBVUy01MS44MS4yMDMuNTc6Mjg4NjAiLCAiYWRkIjogIjUxLjgxLjIwMy41NyIsICJwb3J0IjogMjg4NjAsICJpZCI6ICIxNzg0NDk3ZC0wM2ExLTQwYmItYmI4Yi1kZTRmZmFjN2M1OWMiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogIm5vbmUifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjEuOTQuMTY4IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNjJhYTVmODAtMDMyOC00MDA0LWEzNzUtN2Y1YTU5ZGY0MDIyIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTA0LjIxLjk0LjE2OC03NDQ4IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICIiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYyBTRy02Mi4xNDYuMjMzLjExMjozNjcxMiIsICJhZGQiOiAiNjIuMTQ2LjIzMy4xMTIiLCAicG9ydCI6IDM2NzEyLCAiaWQiOiAiOTI2NmRmNDItMDgzMC00OGMyLTg1MDktNGM1N2IzMGZlMjlkIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNzIuNjcuNzEuMTYwIiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAib2JkaWkuY2ZkIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICIwNTY0MWNmNS01OGQyLTRiYTQtYTlmMS1iM2NkYTBiMWZiMWQiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfj4FSRUxBWS0xNzIuNjcuNzEuMTYwLTc0NzkiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJvYmRpaS5jZmQiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMzguMTQuMTA3LjIyNSIsICJwb3J0IjogMzgwMDMsICJhaWQiOiA2NCwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogInRscyIsICJpZCI6ICI0MTgwNDhhZi1hMjkzLTRiOTktOWIwYy05OGNhMzU4MGRkMjQiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJ3d3cuMjMxNzk3NTMueHl6IiwgInBhdGgiOiAiL3BhdGgvMTgxNzIxMjcyMTE0In0=Country = #United_States(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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 = #France(üá´üá∑)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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 = #France(üá´üá∑)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTU0LjgzLjIuOTAiLCAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywgImFpZCI6IDAsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLCAiaWQiOiAiOTUwZGI2YWEtNDkyNi00NjE2LTgxNmUtZWMwMzEyZGNiODdiIiwgInNuaSI6ICJqYWhma2poYS5jZmQiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJqYWhma2poYS5jZmQiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIn0=Country = #Seychelles(üá∏üá®)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiYWZyaG1zMTZ2LmJlc3R4cmF5LmJ1enoiLCAiYWlkIjogMCwgImhvc3QiOiAiYWZyaG1zMTZ2LmJlc3R4cmF5LmJ1enoiLCAiaWQiOiAiZjU4NGRlMTUtMjAzNC00MTcwLWE3MjMtZjQ4YzJiYWU1ZTBmIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rd3MiLCAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGZlM1x1ZDgzZFx1ZGQyNStcdTA2YTlcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDZcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDQrXHUwNjMzXHUwNjMxXHUwNjQ4XHUwNjMxK1x1MDYzMVx1MDYyN1x1MDZjY1x1MDZhZlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NitARmFyYWhWUE4iLCAidGxzIjogInRscyIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogZmFsc2UsICJzbmkiOiAiYWZyaG1zMTZ2LmJlc3R4cmF5LmJ1enoifQ==Country = #France(üá´üá∑)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNzIuNjcuMTMxLjE3IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNjJhYTVmODAtMDMyOC00MDA0LWEzNzUtN2Y1YTU5ZGY0MDIyIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTcyLjY3LjEzMS4xNy03NDM2IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlY1x1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlNyBHQi0xNDkuNy4xNi4xNDk6MzcxMDEiLCAiYWRkIjogIjE0OS43LjE2LjE0OSIsICJwb3J0IjogMzcxMDEsICJpZCI6ICJmYjNmYzI0My00Njk4LTQ5YzQtOGM0NC0wNDE1ZjY4YTRkMjUiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogIm5vbmUifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMTcuMjEzLjU3IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAieG1pdmlkZW8uY2ZkIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICI5M2VhNDg2YS1iYWRhLTQyYTQtYWMzOC1kMDg4YjMyMGZhMWUiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfj4FSRUxBWS0xMDQuMTcuMjEzLjU3LTc0NDMiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJ4bWl2aWRlby5jZmQiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlNiBDQS02Ny4yMjAuOTQuMTM3OjU3MTIzIiwgImFkZCI6ICI2Ny4yMjAuOTQuMTM3IiwgInBvcnQiOiA1NzEyMywgImlkIjogImI0ZDNhODFiLWVjMGUtNGEyNy1hMzU5LTZkZWEwYzRmMWY3NSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmM1x1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmMSBOTC0xODUuMjIxLjIxOS4yMDo0Nzg1NiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTg1LjIyMS4yMTkuMjAiLCAicG9ydCI6IDQ3ODU2LCAiaWQiOiAiMDY1MDE2MTQtMmNkZS00NTg5LWI3NWYtOGRmODk1ZTY1YjNjIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIyMy4xNTguNTYuMTg0IiwiYWlkIjoiMCIsImFscG4iOiIiLCJmcCI6IiIsImhvc3QiOiIiLCJpZCI6IjA0NjIxYmFlLWFiMzYtMTFlYy1iOTA5LTAyNDJhYzEyMDAwMiIsIm5ldCI6InRjcCIsInBhdGgiOiIiLCJwb3J0IjoiMjIzMjQiLCJwcyI6Itqp2KfZhtmB24zaryDZvtix2LPYsdi52Kog2LHYp9uM2q/Yp9mG8J+Mi0B2bWVzYyIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJ0bHMiOiIiLCJ0eXBlIjoibm9uZSIsInYiOiIyIn0=‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚ù• MciFree serviceüëáüëáüëáüëáüëá‚úÖ @vmesc
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTY5LjE1MC4yMDguODMiLCAicG9ydCI6IDE4MDAwLCAiYWlkIjogMCwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAiaWQiOiAiZjhjOGRjM2QtMGQzNy00NmIwLThiMzQtYTcyMzI4ODJmY2ZlIn0=Country = #Sweden(üá∏üá™)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTQ5LjcuMTYuMTQ5IiwgInBvcnQiOiAzNzEwMSwgImlkIjogImZiM2ZjMjQzLTQ2OTgtNDljNC04YzQ0LTA0MTVmNjhhNGQyNSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9Country = #United_Kingdom(üá¨üáß)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiNTcuMTI5LjI0LjE0MSIsICJwb3J0IjogIjQ0MyIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAiaWQiOiAiMDNmY2M2MTgtYjkzZC02Nzk2LTZhZWQtOGEzOGM5NzVkNTgxIiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rdndzIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMifQ==Country = #Germany(üá©üá™)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAidXMydm1lc3Mucm5tY25tLmNvbSIsICJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJwb3J0IjogODAsICJpZCI6ICI3ZjhhMWJiOS1iZWUwLTQwYTgtZjkwOC0yMWE2NWRhMGYzY2MiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLzEyM3F3ZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIn0=Country = #US(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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 = #Germany(üá©üá™)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJQYXJzVmRzLmlyIiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiZ2x3ZWlkZi5zYnMiLAogICAgImlkIjogIjc2MjIxYmZiLWU5MmYtNGU4MC04MWM1LTZmZTQ4ZjUwYWMwYiIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rd3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTEwNC4yMS45NC4xNjgtMTEzOSIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTA0LjIxLjE2LjEiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAiYWxwbiI6ICIiLCAiZnAiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjdmOGExYmI5LWJlZTAtNDBhOC1mOTA4LTIxYTY1ZGEwZjNjYyIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvMTIzcXdlIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiODAiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVdTLU5BIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGZmNFx1MjAwZFx1MjYyMFx1ZmUwZiBOQS0xMDQuMjEuMTYuMTo4MCIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzbmkiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAidHlwZSI6ICItLS0iLCAidiI6ICIyIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIyMy4xNjIuMjAwLjIyNyIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogIiIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiMDNmY2M2MTgtYjkzZC02Nzk2LTZhZWQtOGEzOGM5NzVkNTgxIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt2d3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+HqPCfh6ZDQS0yMy4xNjIuMjAwLjIyNy03NDQ3IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICIiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxODguMTE0Ljk3Ljc5IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAibGluZGUwNi5pbmRpYXZpZGVvLnNicyIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiZWRiYjEwNTktMTYzMy00MjcxLWI2NmUtZWQ0ZmJhNDdhMWJmIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTg4LjExNC45Ny43OS03NDQwIiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAibGluZGUwNi5pbmRpYXZpZGVvLnNicyIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTA0LjIxLjk2LjEiLCAiYWlkIjogMCwgImhvc3QiOiAiZGUwMS5zaC1jbG91ZGZsYXJlLnNicyIsICJpZCI6ICI3NWEwODg1Zi0wY2E1LTQyYTQtODY1MS0zOTFjZjgxOTMxNTQiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsICJwb3J0IjogMjA5NiwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGQxMiBWTS1XUy1UTFMgXHVkODNjXHVkZmY0XHUyMDBkXHUyNjIwXHVmZTBmIE5BLTEwNC4yMS45Ni4xOjIwOTYiLCAidGxzIjogInRscyIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwgInNuaSI6ICJkZTAxLnNoLWNsb3VkZmxhcmUuc2JzIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjoiMiIsInBzIjoiRC1GQUlUSC02MjI3IiwiYWRkIjoiMTY3LjcxLjI1MC4xMTUiLCJwb3J0IjoiODg4MSIsImlkIjoiZGI1YWZhZTQtYWMyMy00MWE2LTgzNzgtZjMwN2E5YTQ3NDM2IiwiYWlkIjoiMCIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJuZXQiOiJ0Y3AiLCJ0eXBlIjoiaHR0cCIsImhvc3QiOiJtb2kuaXIiLCJwYXRoIjoiLyIsInRscyI6Im5vbmUiLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJhbHBuIjoiIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTc4LjE3NS4xMzUuMTU2IiwgInBvcnQiOiAiNDQzIiwgImlkIjogIjdlNDIxOWFlLThiZjEtNGY3OS05MDJiLTRmMjU5YzY0NTMzZCIsICJhaWQiOiAiNjQiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgImhvc3QiOiAid3d3LjkwMjY3NTQzLnh5eiIsICJwYXRoIjogIi9wYXRoLzIzMDAwNTIxMzEyNyIsICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwgInNuaSI6ICJ3d3cuOTAyNjc1NDMueHl6IiwgImFscG4iOiAiIiwgImZwIjogIiJ9Country = #Moldova(üá≤üá©)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYyBTRy0xNTQuMjYuMTM3LjQyOjQ0MTA0IiwgImFkZCI6ICIxNTQuMjYuMTM3LjQyIiwgInBvcnQiOiA0NDEwNCwgImlkIjogImU5OTMzYTRjLWU1NmUtNDU4Yy1iY2Y0LTljYjM4NzViYmE1NSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmM1x1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmMSBOTC0xNzIuOTkuMTg4LjE5MDo0NzkyNSIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTcyLjk5LjE4OC4xOTAiLCAicG9ydCI6IDQ3OTI1LCAiaWQiOiAiZjU4ZmZkYTItM2VmYy00OWE1LTkwNDctZjhjMmY5M2M1NzVkIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYlx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmNyBGUi0zOC4xMDkuMjI4LjE2MzoyNzA2MCIsICJhZGQiOiAiMzguMTA5LjIyOC4xNjMiLCAicG9ydCI6IDI3MDYwLCAiaWQiOiAiNzFkYTQwYjktYzIwZS00YTZlLTgwY2ItYzgxNDFmNjkzNTI2IiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNTIuNjcuMjUxLjIzMiIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogImlydmlkZW8uY2ZkIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICJlNTM3ZjJmNS0yYTBjLTRmNTktOTJjOS04MzJjYTY0MzNiZjMiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfh7rwn4e4VVMtMTUyLjY3LjI1MS4yMzItNzQzNSIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogZmFsc2UsCiAgICAic25pIjogImlydmlkZW8uY2ZkIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiJhbGlwLmNvbSIsImFpZCI6IjAiLCJhbHBuIjoiIiwiZnAiOiIiLCJob3N0IjoiIiwiaWQiOiJiNGMxZGQ2Mi1mMGRkLTRhNmYtOGU4NS1lNDI5M2EzMzgxODciLCJuZXQiOiJ0Y3AiLCJwYXRoIjoiIiwicG9ydCI6Ijg2NDMiLCJwcyI6Ilvwn4+BXXQubWUvQ29uZmlnc0h1YiIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJ0bHMiOiIiLCJ0eXBlIjoibm9uZSIsInYiOiIyIn0=œü ·¥õ·¥á ú Ä·¥Ä…¥ œü Íú± ú…™ Ä·¥Ä·¥¢ œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü ·¥ã·¥Ä Ä·¥Ä·¥ä œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: # ô Ä…™·¥õ…™s ú·¥†…™ Ä…¢…™…¥…™s ü·¥Ä…¥·¥Ös(·¥†…¢)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiNjUuMTA5LjE5Mi4yNDQiLCAicG9ydCI6IDI5ODc4LCAiaWQiOiAiNDJjZjZhMmEtZmM1Yy00MjJjLTg4YzQtYzJjZTE3MmEyMWE2IiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=Country = #Finland(üá´üáÆ)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiNDYuMjkuMTY2LjIzNyIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJhbHBuIjogIiIsICJmcCI6ICIiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICIiLCAiaWQiOiAiMGM0OWNkMTktMjc1OC00ZDM4LWU2YTgtMTFmMmQ2NjM1ODYwIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIiLCAicG9ydCI6ICI0NzU1NSIsICJwcyI6ICJcdWQ4M2RcdWRmZTNcdWQ4M2RcdWRkMjUrXHUwNmE5XHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2XHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ0K1x1MDYzM1x1MDYzMVx1MDY0OFx1MDYzMStcdTA2MzFcdTA2MjdcdTA2Y2NcdTA2YWZcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDYrQEZhcmFoVlBOIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNuaSI6ICIiLCAidGxzIjogIiIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidiI6ICIyIn0=Country = #Russia(üá∑üá∫)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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Country = #Poland(üáµüá±)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAicHEtYnJhemlsMS4wOXZwbi5jb20iLCAicG9ydCI6ICI4MCIsICJpZCI6ICJjMDRjM2IzNC03MGZkLTRmZWMtOTYzZS1jMTJkMDlmMzZiZWYiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgImhvc3QiOiAicHEtYnJhemlsMS4wOXZwbi5jb20iLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvdm1lc3MvIn0=Country = #Brazil(üáßüá∑)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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Country = #Spain(üá™üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiNjUuMTA5LjE5Mi4yNDQiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAiYWxwbiI6ICIiLCAiZnAiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjg3MGFhZGZmLTNlYWMtNGQ5Zi1hMjFhLWMxYTAxNjY0YThjOCIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiNTI2MzUiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzbmkiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ2IjogIjIifQ==Country = #Finland(üá´üáÆ)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxODguMTE0Ljk5LjE4MyIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogImxpbmRlMDYuaW5kaWF2aWRlby5zYnMiLAogICAgImlkIjogImVkYmIxMDU5LTE2MzMtNDI3MS1iNjZlLWVkNGZiYTQ3YTFiZiIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rd3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTE4OC4xMTQuOTkuMTgzLTc0MjAiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJsaW5kZTA2LmluZGlhdmlkZW8uc2JzIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYyBTRy02Mi4xNDYuMjMyLjE1Nzo1Mjg1NiIsICJhZGQiOiAiNjIuMTQ2LjIzMi4xNTciLCAicG9ydCI6IDUyODU2LCAiaWQiOiAiZWQ1NGUzODgtYmZjNS00YjM2LWFlNGQtOGIzY2Q0NjBkM2Q0IiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIiwgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjEuOTQuMTY4IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNjJhYTVmODAtMDMyOC00MDA0LWEzNzUtN2Y1YTU5ZGY0MDIyIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTA0LjIxLjk0LjE2OC03NDU5IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICIiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess: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Country = #United_States(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIzOC4xNC4xMDcuMjI1IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiA2NCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogInd3dy4yMzE3OTc1My54eXoiLAogICAgImlkIjogIjQxODA0OGFmLWEyOTMtNGI5OS05YjBjLTk4Y2EzNTgwZGQyNCIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9wYXRoLzE4MTcyMTI3MjExNCIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDM4MDAzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfh7rwn4e4VVMtMzguMTQuMTA3LjIyNS03NDk4IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICIiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjEuMTguMjI3IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiamFoZmtqaGEuY2ZkIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICI5NTBkYjZhYS00OTI2LTQ2MTYtODE2ZS1lYzAzMTJkY2I4N2IiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfj4FSRUxBWS0xMDQuMjEuMTguMjI3LTc1MjAiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsCiAgICAic25pIjogIiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjoiMiIsInBzIjoiRC1GT1gtMjA4OCIsImFkZCI6IjEzOC4xOTcuMS4yMjIiLCJwb3J0IjoiODg4MSIsImlkIjoiZGI1YWZhZTQtYWMyMy00MWE2LTgzNzgtZjMwN2E5YTQ3NDM2IiwiYWlkIjoiMCIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJuZXQiOiJ0Y3AiLCJ0eXBlIjoiaHR0cCIsImhvc3QiOiJtb2kuaXIiLCJwYXRoIjoiLyIsInRscyI6Im5vbmUiLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJhbHBuIjoiIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxODUuMTQ2LjE3My4xNTgiLCJhaWQiOiIwIiwiYWxwbiI6IiIsImZwIjoiIiwiaG9zdCI6ImphaGZramhhLmNmZCIsImlkIjoiOTUwZGI2YWEtNDkyNi00NjE2LTgxNmUtZWMwMzEyZGNiODdiIiwibmV0Ijoid3MiLCJwYXRoIjoiL2xpbmt3cyIsInBvcnQiOiI0NDMiLCJwcyI6Ilvwn4e48J+Hql10Lm1lL0NvbmZpZ3NIdWIiLCJzY3kiOiJhdXRvIiwic25pIjoiamFoZmtqaGEuY2ZkIiwidGxzIjoidGxzIiwidHlwZSI6IiIsInYiOiIyIn0=œü ·¥õ·¥á ú Ä·¥Ä…¥ œü Íú± ú…™ Ä·¥Ä·¥¢ œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü ·¥ã·¥Ä Ä·¥Ä·¥ä œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #s·¥°·¥á·¥Ö·¥á…¥(s·¥á)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiczIuZGItbGluazAyLnRvcCIsICJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJwb3J0IjogODA4MCwgImlkIjogIjRiMzY2MjVjLWI5ZDktM2VhNi1hZWQ1LTg2ZDYyYzcwZTE2ZCIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAidHlwZSI6ICIiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICIxMDAtMTE5LTE1MS0yNDguczIuZGItbGluazAyLnRvcCIsICJwYXRoIjogIi9kYWJhaS5pbjE3Mi42NC40MS4xNTAiLCAidGxzIjogIiJ9Country = #US(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTcyLjk5LjE4OC4xOTAiLCAicG9ydCI6IDQ3OTI1LCAiaWQiOiAiZjU4ZmZkYTItM2VmYy00OWE1LTkwNDctZjhjMmY5M2M1NzVkIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=Country = #The_Netherlands(üá≥üá±)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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Country = #Canada(üá®üá¶)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiNTcuMTI5LjI4LjY5IiwgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsICJhaWQiOiAwLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwgImlkIjogIjAzZmNjNjE4LWI5M2QtNjc5Ni02YWVkLThhMzhjOTc1ZDU4MSIsICJzbmkiOiAid3JtZWxtd3hsZi5na3RldmxycXpud3Fxb3p5LmZhYnBmczY2Z2l6bW5vamhjdnF4d2wua3l0cmNmenFsYTg3Z3ZndnM2Yzdram5ydWJ1aC5jYyIsICJob3N0IjogImJhcmFkaWhhLmNvbSIsICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rdndzIn0=Country = #Germany(üá©üá™)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTcwLjExNC40NS41MiIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJhbHBuIjogIiIsICJmcCI6ICIiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJ1c3RvdWNqam5pZDE4c2o2dXMubG92ZWJhaXBpYW8uY29tIiwgImlkIjogIjkxOTliZjc4LTg3NjItNGVjNS05YjdmLTA3Mzk2YjcxZTlkNCIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiMjA4NiIsICJwcyI6ICJcdWQ4M2RcdWRkMTIgVk0tV1MtTkEgXHVkODNjXHVkZGZhXHVkODNjXHVkZGY4IFVTLTE3MC4xMTQuNDUuNTI6MjA4NiIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzbmkiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAidHlwZSI6ICIiLCAidiI6ICIyIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess: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ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMzcuMjcuMTgyLjEwOSIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJob3N0IjogIiIsICJpZCI6ICJiM2E2NDM1Yi1mZWFlLTQxZjQtYTZiOC1jZjNjMDllNTM2ZTEiLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJwYXRoIjogIiIsICJwb3J0IjogMzM3OCwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGQxMiBWTS1UQ1AtTk9ORSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZWJcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZWUgRkktMzcuMjcuMTgyLjEwOTozMzc4IiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiIiwgInYiOiAiMiJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxODguMTE0Ljk3Ljc5IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAibGluZGUwNi5pbmRpYXZpZGVvLnNicyIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiZWRiYjEwNTktMTYzMy00MjcxLWI2NmUtZWQ0ZmJhNDdhMWJmIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTg4LjExNC45Ny43OS03NTE3IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAibGluZGUwNi5pbmRpYXZpZGVvLnNicyIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTA0LjIxLjgyLjE4MyIsICJhaWQiOiAwLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJzZXJ2ZXIyNi5iZWhlc2h0YmFuZWguY29tIiwgImlkIjogIjVhNzAyMWUwLTI2YjQtNDVkNi1iMTc1LWZlNTUxNjAxY2E5NyIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgInBvcnQiOiA4ODgwLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVdTLU5BIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGZmNFx1MjAwZFx1MjYyMFx1ZmUwZiBOQS0xMDQuMjEuODIuMTgzOjg4ODAiLCAidGxzIjogIiIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwgInNuaSI6ICIifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjEuOTQuMTY4IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNjJhYTVmODAtMDMyOC00MDA0LWEzNzUtN2Y1YTU5ZGY0MDIyIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTA0LjIxLjk0LjE2OC03NTUwIiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICIiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess: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 = #The_Netherlands(üá≥üá±)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJ1czAxLnNoLWNsb3VkZmxhcmUuc2JzIiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAidXMwMS5zaC1jbG91ZGZsYXJlLnNicyIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiOTE0NTg0ZWUtMzUxNS00NmFjLWEwOWQtNDY3N2EyZTlkYzlhIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDg0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTEwNC4yMS4zMi4xLTA3NjQiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJ1czAxLnNoLWNsb3VkZmxhcmUuc2JzIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlZVx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmMyBJTi05NC4xMzYuMTg0LjE1NTozOTI1MyIsICJhZGQiOiAiOTQuMTM2LjE4NC4xNTUiLCAicG9ydCI6IDM5MjUzLCAiaWQiOiAiNjliNDlhMzUtY2Y1NS00ZDE0LTlmMmItZDdjZTNhMGRiNzJlIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmYVx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOCBVUy0xNS4yMDQuMjQ4LjkyOjMwNTYyIiwgImFkZCI6ICIxNS4yMDQuMjQ4LjkyIiwgInBvcnQiOiAzMDU2MiwgImlkIjogIjgyNDY2NzE1LTZhNTgtNDA0Ni1hMzYzLWEwZDE4ZTViMmFiNCIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxNzIuNjcuMTcwLjEwMyIsImFpZCI6IjAiLCJhbHBuIjoiaDMiLCJmcCI6ImNocm9tZSIsImhvc3QiOiJnbHdlaWRmLnNicyIsImlkIjoiNzYyMjFiZmItZTkyZi00ZTgwLTgxYzUtNmZlNDhmNTBhYzBiIiwibmV0Ijoid3MiLCJwYXRoIjoiL2xpbmt3cyIsInBvcnQiOiI0NDMiLCJwcyI6Ilvwn4eo8J+Hpl10Lm1lL0NvbmZpZ3NIdWIiLCJzY3kiOiJhdXRvIiwic25pIjoiZ2x3ZWlkZi5zYnMiLCJ0bHMiOiJ0bHMiLCJ0eXBlIjoiIiwidiI6IjIifQ==œü ·¥õ·¥á ú Ä·¥Ä…¥ œü Íú± ú…™ Ä·¥Ä·¥¢ œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü ·¥ã·¥Ä Ä·¥Ä·¥ä œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #·¥Ñ·¥Ä…¥·¥Ä·¥Ö·¥Ä(·¥Ñ·¥Ä)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTIwLjE5OC43MS4yMTQiLCAicG9ydCI6ICIzNDA5MyIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAiaWQiOiAiNDE4MDQ4YWYtYTI5My00Yjk5LTliMGMtOThjYTM1ODBkZDI0IiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICIifQ==Country = #China(üá®üá≥)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiNTEuNzkuMTAzLjc2IiwgInYiOiAiMiIsICJwcyI6ICJcdWQ4M2RcdWRmZTNcdWQ4M2RcdWRkMjUrXHUwNmE5XHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2XHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ0K1x1MDYzM1x1MDYzMVx1MDY0OFx1MDYzMStcdTA2MzFcdTA2MjdcdTA2Y2NcdTA2YWZcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDYrQEZhcmFoVlBOIiwgInBvcnQiOiA4MCwgImlkIjogIjU4ZmUxNTQyLTUyOTAtNDBhZC04MTVhLTc3NzA3YTgxYWZlNSIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAidHlwZSI6ICIiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJ3cm1lbG13eGxmLmdrdGV2bHJxem53cXFvenkuZmFicGZzNjZnaXptbm9qaGN2cXh3bC5reXRyY2Z6cWxhODdndmd2czZjN2tqbnJ1YnVoLmNjIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiL0lPZWJoTE1obDFDVGJGSGJMOTVteWZSWDIiLCAidGxzIjogIiJ9Country = #Canada(üá®üá¶)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiNDYuMjUwLjI1My4yMzQiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAiYWxwbiI6ICIiLCAiZnAiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjc2MmIzOTIzLTU4ODUtNGM1Zi04ODZmLWU2Mjc4ODUxMjMzOCIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiMjg4NzIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzbmkiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAidHlwZSI6ICIiLCAidiI6ICIyIn0=Country = #Japan(üáØüáµ)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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 = #Canada(üá®üá¶)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjYuMC45NSIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogIm9iZGlpLmNmZCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiMDU2NDFjZjUtNThkMi00YmE0LWE5ZjEtYjNjZGEwYjFmYjFkIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTA0LjI2LjAuOTUtNzQ3MCIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogZmFsc2UsCiAgICAic25pIjogIm9iZGlpLmNmZCIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMzEuMTI5LjEwNS4yMzkiLCAiYWlkIjogMCwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjc5M2UwM2NjLTJiMDgtNGQxYi1iYjBiLTU5MjU2N2QxOTA0MyIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgInBvcnQiOiAxNjIzMSwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGQxMiBWTS1XUy1OQSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZjdcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZmEgUlUtMzEuMTI5LjEwNS4yMzk6MTYyMzEiLCAidGxzIjogIiIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwgInNuaSI6ICIifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OQSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZWZcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZjUgSlAtMTMuMjMwLjIzNS4yNDc6NDg4ODkiLCAiYWRkIjogIjEzLjIzMC4yMzUuMjQ3IiwgInBvcnQiOiAiNDg4ODkiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgImlkIjogImMxMzBjYjM2LWM5M2YtNGJlNy05MjI4LWE3YTk3ZDQzODg1YSIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsICJob3N0IjogImd5LnlvdWFyZW15Z29kLnRvcCIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlNiBDQS0yMy4xNjIuMjAwLjkxOjIwMTgyIiwgImFkZCI6ICIyMy4xNjIuMjAwLjkxIiwgInBvcnQiOiAyMDE4MiwgImlkIjogImNjOWI2NmI3LTFkZTctNGFhOS05NjQyLTU3NWE4YWUzZmYxOSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNzIuNjcuMTUzLjE1NiIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogInVzd3V4aWFuLnBhaTUwMjg4LnVrIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICJjMzEzNjA2Zi05OGMyLTRkN2ItYmE3NC00OGI5NGY2MWIxMWQiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogODQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTcyLjY3LjE1My4xNTYtMDMwNyIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmYVx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOCBVUy01MS44MS4yMDMuNTc6Mjg4NjAiLCAiYWRkIjogIjUxLjgxLjIwMy41NyIsICJwb3J0IjogMjg4NjAsICJpZCI6ICIxNzg0NDk3ZC0wM2ExLTQwYmItYmI4Yi1kZTRmZmFjN2M1OWMiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogIm5vbmUifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjEuOTQuMTY4IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNjJhYTVmODAtMDMyOC00MDA0LWEzNzUtN2Y1YTU5ZGY0MDIyIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTA0LjIxLjk0LjE2OC03NDQ4IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICIiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYyBTRy02Mi4xNDYuMjMzLjExMjozNjcxMiIsICJhZGQiOiAiNjIuMTQ2LjIzMy4xMTIiLCAicG9ydCI6IDM2NzEyLCAiaWQiOiAiOTI2NmRmNDItMDgzMC00OGMyLTg1MDktNGM1N2IzMGZlMjlkIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNzIuNjcuNzEuMTYwIiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAib2JkaWkuY2ZkIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICIwNTY0MWNmNS01OGQyLTRiYTQtYTlmMS1iM2NkYTBiMWZiMWQiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfj4FSRUxBWS0xNzIuNjcuNzEuMTYwLTc0NzkiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJvYmRpaS5jZmQiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMzguMTQuMTA3LjIyNSIsICJwb3J0IjogMzgwMDMsICJhaWQiOiA2NCwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogInRscyIsICJpZCI6ICI0MTgwNDhhZi1hMjkzLTRiOTktOWIwYy05OGNhMzU4MGRkMjQiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJ3d3cuMjMxNzk3NTMueHl6IiwgInBhdGgiOiAiL3BhdGgvMTgxNzIxMjcyMTE0In0=Country = #United_States(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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 = #France(üá´üá∑)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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 = #France(üá´üá∑)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTU0LjgzLjIuOTAiLCAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywgImFpZCI6IDAsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLCAiaWQiOiAiOTUwZGI2YWEtNDkyNi00NjE2LTgxNmUtZWMwMzEyZGNiODdiIiwgInNuaSI6ICJqYWhma2poYS5jZmQiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJqYWhma2poYS5jZmQiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIn0=Country = #Seychelles(üá∏üá®)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiYWZyaG1zMTZ2LmJlc3R4cmF5LmJ1enoiLCAiYWlkIjogMCwgImhvc3QiOiAiYWZyaG1zMTZ2LmJlc3R4cmF5LmJ1enoiLCAiaWQiOiAiZjU4NGRlMTUtMjAzNC00MTcwLWE3MjMtZjQ4YzJiYWU1ZTBmIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rd3MiLCAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGZlM1x1ZDgzZFx1ZGQyNStcdTA2YTlcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDZcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDQrXHUwNjMzXHUwNjMxXHUwNjQ4XHUwNjMxK1x1MDYzMVx1MDYyN1x1MDZjY1x1MDZhZlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NitARmFyYWhWUE4iLCAidGxzIjogInRscyIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogZmFsc2UsICJzbmkiOiAiYWZyaG1zMTZ2LmJlc3R4cmF5LmJ1enoifQ==Country = #France(üá´üá∑)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNzIuNjcuMTMxLjE3IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNjJhYTVmODAtMDMyOC00MDA0LWEzNzUtN2Y1YTU5ZGY0MDIyIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTcyLjY3LjEzMS4xNy03NDM2IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlY1x1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlNyBHQi0xNDkuNy4xNi4xNDk6MzcxMDEiLCAiYWRkIjogIjE0OS43LjE2LjE0OSIsICJwb3J0IjogMzcxMDEsICJpZCI6ICJmYjNmYzI0My00Njk4LTQ5YzQtOGM0NC0wNDE1ZjY4YTRkMjUiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogIm5vbmUifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMTcuMjEzLjU3IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAieG1pdmlkZW8uY2ZkIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICI5M2VhNDg2YS1iYWRhLTQyYTQtYWMzOC1kMDg4YjMyMGZhMWUiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfj4FSRUxBWS0xMDQuMTcuMjEzLjU3LTc0NDMiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJ4bWl2aWRlby5jZmQiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlNiBDQS02Ny4yMjAuOTQuMTM3OjU3MTIzIiwgImFkZCI6ICI2Ny4yMjAuOTQuMTM3IiwgInBvcnQiOiA1NzEyMywgImlkIjogImI0ZDNhODFiLWVjMGUtNGEyNy1hMzU5LTZkZWEwYzRmMWY3NSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmM1x1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmMSBOTC0xODUuMjIxLjIxOS4yMDo0Nzg1NiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTg1LjIyMS4yMTkuMjAiLCAicG9ydCI6IDQ3ODU2LCAiaWQiOiAiMDY1MDE2MTQtMmNkZS00NTg5LWI3NWYtOGRmODk1ZTY1YjNjIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIyMy4xNTguNTYuMTg0IiwiYWlkIjoiMCIsImFscG4iOiIiLCJmcCI6IiIsImhvc3QiOiIiLCJpZCI6IjA0NjIxYmFlLWFiMzYtMTFlYy1iOTA5LTAyNDJhYzEyMDAwMiIsIm5ldCI6InRjcCIsInBhdGgiOiIiLCJwb3J0IjoiMjIzMjQiLCJwcyI6Itqp2KfZhtmB24zaryDZvtix2LPYsdi52Kog2LHYp9uM2q/Yp9mG8J+Mi0B2bWVzYyIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJ0bHMiOiIiLCJ0eXBlIjoibm9uZSIsInYiOiIyIn0=‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚ù• MciFree serviceüëáüëáüëáüëáüëá‚úÖ @vmesc
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTY5LjE1MC4yMDguODMiLCAicG9ydCI6IDE4MDAwLCAiYWlkIjogMCwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAiaWQiOiAiZjhjOGRjM2QtMGQzNy00NmIwLThiMzQtYTcyMzI4ODJmY2ZlIn0=Country = #Sweden(üá∏üá™)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTQ5LjcuMTYuMTQ5IiwgInBvcnQiOiAzNzEwMSwgImlkIjogImZiM2ZjMjQzLTQ2OTgtNDljNC04YzQ0LTA0MTVmNjhhNGQyNSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9Country = #United_Kingdom(üá¨üáß)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiNTcuMTI5LjI0LjE0MSIsICJwb3J0IjogIjQ0MyIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAiaWQiOiAiMDNmY2M2MTgtYjkzZC02Nzk2LTZhZWQtOGEzOGM5NzVkNTgxIiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rdndzIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMifQ==Country = #Germany(üá©üá™)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAidXMydm1lc3Mucm5tY25tLmNvbSIsICJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJwb3J0IjogODAsICJpZCI6ICI3ZjhhMWJiOS1iZWUwLTQwYTgtZjkwOC0yMWE2NWRhMGYzY2MiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLzEyM3F3ZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIn0=Country = #US(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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 = #Germany(üá©üá™)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJQYXJzVmRzLmlyIiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiZ2x3ZWlkZi5zYnMiLAogICAgImlkIjogIjc2MjIxYmZiLWU5MmYtNGU4MC04MWM1LTZmZTQ4ZjUwYWMwYiIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rd3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTEwNC4yMS45NC4xNjgtMTEzOSIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTA0LjIxLjE2LjEiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAiYWxwbiI6ICIiLCAiZnAiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjdmOGExYmI5LWJlZTAtNDBhOC1mOTA4LTIxYTY1ZGEwZjNjYyIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvMTIzcXdlIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiODAiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVdTLU5BIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGZmNFx1MjAwZFx1MjYyMFx1ZmUwZiBOQS0xMDQuMjEuMTYuMTo4MCIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzbmkiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAidHlwZSI6ICItLS0iLCAidiI6ICIyIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIyMy4xNjIuMjAwLjIyNyIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogIiIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiMDNmY2M2MTgtYjkzZC02Nzk2LTZhZWQtOGEzOGM5NzVkNTgxIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt2d3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+HqPCfh6ZDQS0yMy4xNjIuMjAwLjIyNy03NDQ3IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICIiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxODguMTE0Ljk3Ljc5IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAibGluZGUwNi5pbmRpYXZpZGVvLnNicyIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiZWRiYjEwNTktMTYzMy00MjcxLWI2NmUtZWQ0ZmJhNDdhMWJmIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTg4LjExNC45Ny43OS03NDQwIiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAibGluZGUwNi5pbmRpYXZpZGVvLnNicyIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTA0LjIxLjk2LjEiLCAiYWlkIjogMCwgImhvc3QiOiAiZGUwMS5zaC1jbG91ZGZsYXJlLnNicyIsICJpZCI6ICI3NWEwODg1Zi0wY2E1LTQyYTQtODY1MS0zOTFjZjgxOTMxNTQiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsICJwb3J0IjogMjA5NiwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGQxMiBWTS1XUy1UTFMgXHVkODNjXHVkZmY0XHUyMDBkXHUyNjIwXHVmZTBmIE5BLTEwNC4yMS45Ni4xOjIwOTYiLCAidGxzIjogInRscyIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwgInNuaSI6ICJkZTAxLnNoLWNsb3VkZmxhcmUuc2JzIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjoiMiIsInBzIjoiRC1GQUlUSC02MjI3IiwiYWRkIjoiMTY3LjcxLjI1MC4xMTUiLCJwb3J0IjoiODg4MSIsImlkIjoiZGI1YWZhZTQtYWMyMy00MWE2LTgzNzgtZjMwN2E5YTQ3NDM2IiwiYWlkIjoiMCIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJuZXQiOiJ0Y3AiLCJ0eXBlIjoiaHR0cCIsImhvc3QiOiJtb2kuaXIiLCJwYXRoIjoiLyIsInRscyI6Im5vbmUiLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJhbHBuIjoiIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess: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 = #Moldova(üá≤üá©)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYyBTRy0xNTQuMjYuMTM3LjQyOjQ0MTA0IiwgImFkZCI6ICIxNTQuMjYuMTM3LjQyIiwgInBvcnQiOiA0NDEwNCwgImlkIjogImU5OTMzYTRjLWU1NmUtNDU4Yy1iY2Y0LTljYjM4NzViYmE1NSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmM1x1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmMSBOTC0xNzIuOTkuMTg4LjE5MDo0NzkyNSIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTcyLjk5LjE4OC4xOTAiLCAicG9ydCI6IDQ3OTI1LCAiaWQiOiAiZjU4ZmZkYTItM2VmYy00OWE1LTkwNDctZjhjMmY5M2M1NzVkIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYlx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmNyBGUi0zOC4xMDkuMjI4LjE2MzoyNzA2MCIsICJhZGQiOiAiMzguMTA5LjIyOC4xNjMiLCAicG9ydCI6IDI3MDYwLCAiaWQiOiAiNzFkYTQwYjktYzIwZS00YTZlLTgwY2ItYzgxNDFmNjkzNTI2IiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNTIuNjcuMjUxLjIzMiIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogImlydmlkZW8uY2ZkIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICJlNTM3ZjJmNS0yYTBjLTRmNTktOTJjOS04MzJjYTY0MzNiZjMiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfh7rwn4e4VVMtMTUyLjY3LjI1MS4yMzItNzQzNSIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogZmFsc2UsCiAgICAic25pIjogImlydmlkZW8uY2ZkIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiJhbGlwLmNvbSIsImFpZCI6IjAiLCJhbHBuIjoiIiwiZnAiOiIiLCJob3N0IjoiIiwiaWQiOiJiNGMxZGQ2Mi1mMGRkLTRhNmYtOGU4NS1lNDI5M2EzMzgxODciLCJuZXQiOiJ0Y3AiLCJwYXRoIjoiIiwicG9ydCI6Ijg2NDMiLCJwcyI6Ilvwn4+BXXQubWUvQ29uZmlnc0h1YiIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJ0bHMiOiIiLCJ0eXBlIjoibm9uZSIsInYiOiIyIn0=œü ·¥õ·¥á ú Ä·¥Ä…¥ œü Íú± ú…™ Ä·¥Ä·¥¢ œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü ·¥ã·¥Ä Ä·¥Ä·¥ä œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: # ô Ä…™·¥õ…™s ú·¥†…™ Ä…¢…™…¥…™s ü·¥Ä…¥·¥Ös(·¥†…¢)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiNjUuMTA5LjE5Mi4yNDQiLCAicG9ydCI6IDI5ODc4LCAiaWQiOiAiNDJjZjZhMmEtZmM1Yy00MjJjLTg4YzQtYzJjZTE3MmEyMWE2IiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=Country = #Finland(üá´üáÆ)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiNDYuMjkuMTY2LjIzNyIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJhbHBuIjogIiIsICJmcCI6ICIiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICIiLCAiaWQiOiAiMGM0OWNkMTktMjc1OC00ZDM4LWU2YTgtMTFmMmQ2NjM1ODYwIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIiLCAicG9ydCI6ICI0NzU1NSIsICJwcyI6ICJcdWQ4M2RcdWRmZTNcdWQ4M2RcdWRkMjUrXHUwNmE5XHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2XHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ0K1x1MDYzM1x1MDYzMVx1MDY0OFx1MDYzMStcdTA2MzFcdTA2MjdcdTA2Y2NcdTA2YWZcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDYrQEZhcmFoVlBOIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNuaSI6ICIiLCAidGxzIjogIiIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidiI6ICIyIn0=Country = #Russia(üá∑üá∫)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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Country = #Poland(üáµüá±)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAicHEtYnJhemlsMS4wOXZwbi5jb20iLCAicG9ydCI6ICI4MCIsICJpZCI6ICJjMDRjM2IzNC03MGZkLTRmZWMtOTYzZS1jMTJkMDlmMzZiZWYiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgImhvc3QiOiAicHEtYnJhemlsMS4wOXZwbi5jb20iLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvdm1lc3MvIn0=Country = #Brazil(üáßüá∑)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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Country = #Spain(üá™üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiNjUuMTA5LjE5Mi4yNDQiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAiYWxwbiI6ICIiLCAiZnAiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjg3MGFhZGZmLTNlYWMtNGQ5Zi1hMjFhLWMxYTAxNjY0YThjOCIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiNTI2MzUiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzbmkiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ2IjogIjIifQ==Country = #Finland(üá´üáÆ)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxODguMTE0Ljk5LjE4MyIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogImxpbmRlMDYuaW5kaWF2aWRlby5zYnMiLAogICAgImlkIjogImVkYmIxMDU5LTE2MzMtNDI3MS1iNjZlLWVkNGZiYTQ3YTFiZiIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rd3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTE4OC4xMTQuOTkuMTgzLTc0MjAiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJsaW5kZTA2LmluZGlhdmlkZW8uc2JzIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYyBTRy02Mi4xNDYuMjMyLjE1Nzo1Mjg1NiIsICJhZGQiOiAiNjIuMTQ2LjIzMi4xNTciLCAicG9ydCI6IDUyODU2LCAiaWQiOiAiZWQ1NGUzODgtYmZjNS00YjM2LWFlNGQtOGIzY2Q0NjBkM2Q0IiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIiwgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjEuOTQuMTY4IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNjJhYTVmODAtMDMyOC00MDA0LWEzNzUtN2Y1YTU5ZGY0MDIyIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTA0LjIxLjk0LjE2OC03NDU5IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICIiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess: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Country = #United_States(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIzOC4xNC4xMDcuMjI1IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiA2NCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogInd3dy4yMzE3OTc1My54eXoiLAogICAgImlkIjogIjQxODA0OGFmLWEyOTMtNGI5OS05YjBjLTk4Y2EzNTgwZGQyNCIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9wYXRoLzE4MTcyMTI3MjExNCIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDM4MDAzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfh7rwn4e4VVMtMzguMTQuMTA3LjIyNS03NDk4IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICIiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjEuMTguMjI3IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiamFoZmtqaGEuY2ZkIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICI5NTBkYjZhYS00OTI2LTQ2MTYtODE2ZS1lYzAzMTJkY2I4N2IiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfj4FSRUxBWS0xMDQuMjEuMTguMjI3LTc1MjAiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsCiAgICAic25pIjogIiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjoiMiIsInBzIjoiRC1GT1gtMjA4OCIsImFkZCI6IjEzOC4xOTcuMS4yMjIiLCJwb3J0IjoiODg4MSIsImlkIjoiZGI1YWZhZTQtYWMyMy00MWE2LTgzNzgtZjMwN2E5YTQ3NDM2IiwiYWlkIjoiMCIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJuZXQiOiJ0Y3AiLCJ0eXBlIjoiaHR0cCIsImhvc3QiOiJtb2kuaXIiLCJwYXRoIjoiLyIsInRscyI6Im5vbmUiLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJhbHBuIjoiIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxODUuMTQ2LjE3My4xNTgiLCJhaWQiOiIwIiwiYWxwbiI6IiIsImZwIjoiIiwiaG9zdCI6ImphaGZramhhLmNmZCIsImlkIjoiOTUwZGI2YWEtNDkyNi00NjE2LTgxNmUtZWMwMzEyZGNiODdiIiwibmV0Ijoid3MiLCJwYXRoIjoiL2xpbmt3cyIsInBvcnQiOiI0NDMiLCJwcyI6Ilvwn4e48J+Hql10Lm1lL0NvbmZpZ3NIdWIiLCJzY3kiOiJhdXRvIiwic25pIjoiamFoZmtqaGEuY2ZkIiwidGxzIjoidGxzIiwidHlwZSI6IiIsInYiOiIyIn0=œü ·¥õ·¥á ú Ä·¥Ä…¥ œü Íú± ú…™ Ä·¥Ä·¥¢ œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü ·¥ã·¥Ä Ä·¥Ä·¥ä œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #s·¥°·¥á·¥Ö·¥á…¥(s·¥á)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiczIuZGItbGluazAyLnRvcCIsICJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJwb3J0IjogODA4MCwgImlkIjogIjRiMzY2MjVjLWI5ZDktM2VhNi1hZWQ1LTg2ZDYyYzcwZTE2ZCIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAidHlwZSI6ICIiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICIxMDAtMTE5LTE1MS0yNDguczIuZGItbGluazAyLnRvcCIsICJwYXRoIjogIi9kYWJhaS5pbjE3Mi42NC40MS4xNTAiLCAidGxzIjogIiJ9Country = #US(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTcyLjk5LjE4OC4xOTAiLCAicG9ydCI6IDQ3OTI1LCAiaWQiOiAiZjU4ZmZkYTItM2VmYy00OWE1LTkwNDctZjhjMmY5M2M1NzVkIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=Country = #The_Netherlands(üá≥üá±)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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Country = #Canada(üá®üá¶)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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Country = #Germany(üá©üá™)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTcwLjExNC40NS41MiIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJhbHBuIjogIiIsICJmcCI6ICIiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJ1c3RvdWNqam5pZDE4c2o2dXMubG92ZWJhaXBpYW8uY29tIiwgImlkIjogIjkxOTliZjc4LTg3NjItNGVjNS05YjdmLTA3Mzk2YjcxZTlkNCIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiMjA4NiIsICJwcyI6ICJcdWQ4M2RcdWRkMTIgVk0tV1MtTkEgXHVkODNjXHVkZGZhXHVkODNjXHVkZGY4IFVTLTE3MC4xMTQuNDUuNTI6MjA4NiIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzbmkiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAidHlwZSI6ICIiLCAidiI6ICIyIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJsb24xLWRhc2guODkwNjk5Lnh5eiIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogImxvbjEtZGFzaC44OTA2OTkueHl6IiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICI0MTk2M2U2Yi0yOTVkLTQ1YTAtYjZjYy0zOGZiZGQzZTNmNzUiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvbG9uMS1zdWIuODkwNjk5Lnh5eiIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDg0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTEwNC4yMS4xNi4xLTU2MTYiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJsb24xLXN1Yi44OTA2OTkueHl6Igp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMzcuMjcuMTgyLjEwOSIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJob3N0IjogIiIsICJpZCI6ICJiM2E2NDM1Yi1mZWFlLTQxZjQtYTZiOC1jZjNjMDllNTM2ZTEiLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJwYXRoIjogIiIsICJwb3J0IjogMzM3OCwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGQxMiBWTS1UQ1AtTk9ORSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZWJcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZWUgRkktMzcuMjcuMTgyLjEwOTozMzc4IiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiIiwgInYiOiAiMiJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxODguMTE0Ljk3Ljc5IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAibGluZGUwNi5pbmRpYXZpZGVvLnNicyIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiZWRiYjEwNTktMTYzMy00MjcxLWI2NmUtZWQ0ZmJhNDdhMWJmIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTg4LjExNC45Ny43OS03NTE3IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAibGluZGUwNi5pbmRpYXZpZGVvLnNicyIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTA0LjIxLjgyLjE4MyIsICJhaWQiOiAwLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJzZXJ2ZXIyNi5iZWhlc2h0YmFuZWguY29tIiwgImlkIjogIjVhNzAyMWUwLTI2YjQtNDVkNi1iMTc1LWZlNTUxNjAxY2E5NyIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgInBvcnQiOiA4ODgwLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVdTLU5BIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGZmNFx1MjAwZFx1MjYyMFx1ZmUwZiBOQS0xMDQuMjEuODIuMTgzOjg4ODAiLCAidGxzIjogIiIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwgInNuaSI6ICIifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjEuOTQuMTY4IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNjJhYTVmODAtMDMyOC00MDA0LWEzNzUtN2Y1YTU5ZGY0MDIyIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTA0LjIxLjk0LjE2OC03NTUwIiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICIiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess: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 = #The_Netherlands(üá≥üá±)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJ1czAxLnNoLWNsb3VkZmxhcmUuc2JzIiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAidXMwMS5zaC1jbG91ZGZsYXJlLnNicyIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiOTE0NTg0ZWUtMzUxNS00NmFjLWEwOWQtNDY3N2EyZTlkYzlhIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDg0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTEwNC4yMS4zMi4xLTA3NjQiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJ1czAxLnNoLWNsb3VkZmxhcmUuc2JzIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlZVx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmMyBJTi05NC4xMzYuMTg0LjE1NTozOTI1MyIsICJhZGQiOiAiOTQuMTM2LjE4NC4xNTUiLCAicG9ydCI6IDM5MjUzLCAiaWQiOiAiNjliNDlhMzUtY2Y1NS00ZDE0LTlmMmItZDdjZTNhMGRiNzJlIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmYVx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOCBVUy0xNS4yMDQuMjQ4LjkyOjMwNTYyIiwgImFkZCI6ICIxNS4yMDQuMjQ4LjkyIiwgInBvcnQiOiAzMDU2MiwgImlkIjogIjgyNDY2NzE1LTZhNTgtNDA0Ni1hMzYzLWEwZDE4ZTViMmFiNCIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAidXN3dXhpYW4ucGFpNTAyODgudWsiLCAidiI6ICIyIiwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGZlM1x1ZDgzZFx1ZGQyNStcdTA2YTlcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDZcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDQrXHUwNjMzXHUwNjMxXHUwNjQ4XHUwNjMxK1x1MDYzMVx1MDYyN1x1MDZjY1x1MDZhZlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NitARmFyYWhWUE4iLCAicG9ydCI6IDg0NDMsICJpZCI6ICJjMzEzNjA2Zi05OGMyLTRkN2ItYmE3NC00OGI5NGY2MWIxMWQiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAidXN3dXhpYW4ucGFpNTAyODgudWsiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMifQ==Country = #US(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTcyLjk5LjE4OC41NSIsICJwb3J0IjogMTcyODQsICJpZCI6ICJlNGVmZTEyZC05N2MwLTRmZDctYmZkNC0wNjlmZjA0ZThkNDQiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogIm5vbmUifQ==Country = #The_Netherlands(üá≥üá±)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiODguMTk4LjE3Mi4yNSIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJhbHBuIjogIiIsICJmcCI6ICIiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICIiLCAiaWQiOiAiZTdlYjQ3MmUtZGM4My00OWQ1LWJlNWUtODJhNzlhMjEyNGVlIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJncnBjIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiSmJpQjhWNjZWNzhIZjViaXZmc2lzOHZIIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiMTUxNDUiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLUdSUEMtTkEgXHVkODNjXHVkZGU5XHVkODNjXHVkZGVhIERFLTg4LjE5OC4xNzIuMjU6MTUxNDUiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAic25pIjogIiIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiZ3VuIiwgInYiOiAiMiJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMjMuMTYyLjIwMC45MSIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJob3N0IjogIiIsICJpZCI6ICJjYzliNjZiNy0xZGU3LTRhYTktOTY0Mi01NzVhOGFlM2ZmMTkiLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJwYXRoIjogIiIsICJwb3J0IjogIjIwMTgyIiwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGQxMiBWTS1UQ1AtTkEgXHVkODNjXHVkZGU4XHVkODNjXHVkZGU2IENBLTIzLjE2Mi4yMDAuOTE6MjAxODIiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAic25pIjogIiIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiIiwgInYiOiAiMiJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNzIuNjcuMTYxLjc3IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAibGluZGUwNi5pbmRpYXZpZGVvLnNicyIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiZWRiYjEwNTktMTYzMy00MjcxLWI2NmUtZWQ0ZmJhNDdhMWJmIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTcyLjY3LjE2MS43Ny03NTYyIiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAibGluZGUwNi5pbmRpYXZpZGVvLnNicyIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICI2YThlMGNhMi1zdWN2NDAtdDgybzV0LWxidzUuaGsucDVwdi5jb20iLAogICAgImFpZCI6IDIsCiAgICAiaG9zdCI6ICJicm9hZGNhc3Rsdi5jaGF0LmJpbGliaWxpLmNvbSIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiMGU1MTFmNTAtNzkzZi0xMWVhLWI4NzMtZjIzYzkxY2ZiYmM5IiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDgwLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfh63wn4ewSEstMS42NS4yMTguMTI5LTA5MTciLAogICAgInRscyI6ICIiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsCiAgICAic25pIjogIiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJzMi5kYi1saW5rMDEudG9wIiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiMTAwLTEzMC0xMzYtNTAuczIuZGItbGluazAxLnRvcCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNGIzNjYyNWMtYjlkOS0zZWE2LWFlZDUtODZkNjJjNzBlMTZkIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2RhYmFpLmluMTA0LjIxLjEzMy4xMiIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDIwOTUsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTEwNC4xNy4yMTMuMjQxLTA4OTEiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICIiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsCiAgICAic25pIjogIiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJueTEtZGFzaC44OTA2OTkueHl6IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAibnkxLWRhc2guODkwNjk5Lnh5eiIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNjU4Yjg3ZTAtNWQ5Mi00NDI0LWQzNDQtYzE2N2FjZDZhNzdmIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL255MS1zdWIuODkwNjk5Lnh5eiIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDIwOTYsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTEwNC4yMS4zMi4xLTU2OTYiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJueTEtc3ViLjg5MDY5OS54eXoiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiI0Ni4yOS4xNjYuMjM3IiwiYWlkIjoiMCIsImFscG4iOiIiLCJmcCI6IiIsImhvc3QiOiIiLCJpZCI6IjBjNDljZDE5LTI3NTgtNGQzOC1lNmE4LTExZjJkNjYzNTg2MCIsIm5ldCI6InRjcCIsInBhdGgiOiIiLCJwb3J0IjoiNDc1NTUiLCJwcyI6Itiz2LHZiNixINix2KfbjNqv2KfZhiDZvtix2LPYsdi52Krwn4yKIEB2bWVzc19pciIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJ0bHMiOiIiLCJ0eXBlIjoibm9uZSIsInYiOiIyIn0=ŸÖÿÆÿµŸàÿµ ÿß€åÿ±ÿßŸÜÿ≥ŸÑ Ÿà ÿ±ÿß€åÿ™ŸÑ‚úÖÿ≠ÿ™ŸÖÿß ÿ®Ÿá ÿßÿ¥ÿ™ÿ±ÿß⁄© ÿ®ÿ≤ÿßÿ±€åÿØ ‚úÖ@vmess_irüöÄüöÄüí¨üí¨üí¨üì∑üì∑üí¨üì∫üì∫üí¨üòçÿØÿ± ÿµŸàÿ±ÿ™ ÿßÿ™ÿµÿßŸÑ ÿ≠ÿ™ŸÖÿß ÿØÿ± ÿ±€å⁄©ÿ¥ŸÜ Ÿáÿß ÿ¥ÿ±⁄©ÿ™ ⁄©ŸÜ€åÿØüòç
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxNzIuNjcuMTcwLjEwMyIsImFpZCI6IjAiLCJhbHBuIjoiaDMiLCJmcCI6ImNocm9tZSIsImhvc3QiOiJnbHdlaWRmLnNicyIsImlkIjoiNzYyMjFiZmItZTkyZi00ZTgwLTgxYzUtNmZlNDhmNTBhYzBiIiwibmV0Ijoid3MiLCJwYXRoIjoiL2xpbmt3cyIsInBvcnQiOiI0NDMiLCJwcyI6Ilvwn4eo8J+Hpl10Lm1lL0NvbmZpZ3NIdWIiLCJzY3kiOiJhdXRvIiwic25pIjoiZ2x3ZWlkZi5zYnMiLCJ0bHMiOiJ0bHMiLCJ0eXBlIjoiIiwidiI6IjIifQ==œü ·¥õ·¥á ú Ä·¥Ä…¥ œü Íú± ú…™ Ä·¥Ä·¥¢ œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü ·¥ã·¥Ä Ä·¥Ä·¥ä œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #·¥Ñ·¥Ä…¥·¥Ä·¥Ö·¥Ä(·¥Ñ·¥Ä)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTIwLjE5OC43MS4yMTQiLCAicG9ydCI6ICIzNDA5MyIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAiaWQiOiAiNDE4MDQ4YWYtYTI5My00Yjk5LTliMGMtOThjYTM1ODBkZDI0IiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICIifQ==Country = #China(üá®üá≥)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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 = #Canada(üá®üá¶)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiNDYuMjUwLjI1My4yMzQiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAiYWxwbiI6ICIiLCAiZnAiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjc2MmIzOTIzLTU4ODUtNGM1Zi04ODZmLWU2Mjc4ODUxMjMzOCIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiMjg4NzIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzbmkiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAidHlwZSI6ICIiLCAidiI6ICIyIn0=Country = #Japan(üáØüáµ)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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 = #Canada(üá®üá¶)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjYuMC45NSIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogIm9iZGlpLmNmZCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiMDU2NDFjZjUtNThkMi00YmE0LWE5ZjEtYjNjZGEwYjFmYjFkIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTA0LjI2LjAuOTUtNzQ3MCIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogZmFsc2UsCiAgICAic25pIjogIm9iZGlpLmNmZCIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMzEuMTI5LjEwNS4yMzkiLCAiYWlkIjogMCwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjc5M2UwM2NjLTJiMDgtNGQxYi1iYjBiLTU5MjU2N2QxOTA0MyIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgInBvcnQiOiAxNjIzMSwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGQxMiBWTS1XUy1OQSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZjdcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZmEgUlUtMzEuMTI5LjEwNS4yMzk6MTYyMzEiLCAidGxzIjogIiIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwgInNuaSI6ICIifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OQSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZWZcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZjUgSlAtMTMuMjMwLjIzNS4yNDc6NDg4ODkiLCAiYWRkIjogIjEzLjIzMC4yMzUuMjQ3IiwgInBvcnQiOiAiNDg4ODkiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgImlkIjogImMxMzBjYjM2LWM5M2YtNGJlNy05MjI4LWE3YTk3ZDQzODg1YSIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsICJob3N0IjogImd5LnlvdWFyZW15Z29kLnRvcCIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlNiBDQS0yMy4xNjIuMjAwLjkxOjIwMTgyIiwgImFkZCI6ICIyMy4xNjIuMjAwLjkxIiwgInBvcnQiOiAyMDE4MiwgImlkIjogImNjOWI2NmI3LTFkZTctNGFhOS05NjQyLTU3NWE4YWUzZmYxOSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNzIuNjcuMTUzLjE1NiIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogInVzd3V4aWFuLnBhaTUwMjg4LnVrIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICJjMzEzNjA2Zi05OGMyLTRkN2ItYmE3NC00OGI5NGY2MWIxMWQiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogODQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTcyLjY3LjE1My4xNTYtMDMwNyIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmYVx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOCBVUy01MS44MS4yMDMuNTc6Mjg4NjAiLCAiYWRkIjogIjUxLjgxLjIwMy41NyIsICJwb3J0IjogMjg4NjAsICJpZCI6ICIxNzg0NDk3ZC0wM2ExLTQwYmItYmI4Yi1kZTRmZmFjN2M1OWMiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogIm5vbmUifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjEuOTQuMTY4IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNjJhYTVmODAtMDMyOC00MDA0LWEzNzUtN2Y1YTU5ZGY0MDIyIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTA0LjIxLjk0LjE2OC03NDQ4IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICIiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYyBTRy02Mi4xNDYuMjMzLjExMjozNjcxMiIsICJhZGQiOiAiNjIuMTQ2LjIzMy4xMTIiLCAicG9ydCI6IDM2NzEyLCAiaWQiOiAiOTI2NmRmNDItMDgzMC00OGMyLTg1MDktNGM1N2IzMGZlMjlkIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNzIuNjcuNzEuMTYwIiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAib2JkaWkuY2ZkIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICIwNTY0MWNmNS01OGQyLTRiYTQtYTlmMS1iM2NkYTBiMWZiMWQiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfj4FSRUxBWS0xNzIuNjcuNzEuMTYwLTc0NzkiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJvYmRpaS5jZmQiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMzguMTQuMTA3LjIyNSIsICJwb3J0IjogMzgwMDMsICJhaWQiOiA2NCwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogInRscyIsICJpZCI6ICI0MTgwNDhhZi1hMjkzLTRiOTktOWIwYy05OGNhMzU4MGRkMjQiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJ3d3cuMjMxNzk3NTMueHl6IiwgInBhdGgiOiAiL3BhdGgvMTgxNzIxMjcyMTE0In0=Country = #United_States(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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 = #France(üá´üá∑)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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 = #France(üá´üá∑)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTU0LjgzLjIuOTAiLCAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywgImFpZCI6IDAsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLCAiaWQiOiAiOTUwZGI2YWEtNDkyNi00NjE2LTgxNmUtZWMwMzEyZGNiODdiIiwgInNuaSI6ICJqYWhma2poYS5jZmQiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJqYWhma2poYS5jZmQiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIn0=Country = #Seychelles(üá∏üá®)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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Country = #France(üá´üá∑)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNzIuNjcuMTMxLjE3IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNjJhYTVmODAtMDMyOC00MDA0LWEzNzUtN2Y1YTU5ZGY0MDIyIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTcyLjY3LjEzMS4xNy03NDM2IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlY1x1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlNyBHQi0xNDkuNy4xNi4xNDk6MzcxMDEiLCAiYWRkIjogIjE0OS43LjE2LjE0OSIsICJwb3J0IjogMzcxMDEsICJpZCI6ICJmYjNmYzI0My00Njk4LTQ5YzQtOGM0NC0wNDE1ZjY4YTRkMjUiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogIm5vbmUifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMTcuMjEzLjU3IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAieG1pdmlkZW8uY2ZkIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICI5M2VhNDg2YS1iYWRhLTQyYTQtYWMzOC1kMDg4YjMyMGZhMWUiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfj4FSRUxBWS0xMDQuMTcuMjEzLjU3LTc0NDMiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJ4bWl2aWRlby5jZmQiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlNiBDQS02Ny4yMjAuOTQuMTM3OjU3MTIzIiwgImFkZCI6ICI2Ny4yMjAuOTQuMTM3IiwgInBvcnQiOiA1NzEyMywgImlkIjogImI0ZDNhODFiLWVjMGUtNGEyNy1hMzU5LTZkZWEwYzRmMWY3NSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmM1x1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmMSBOTC0xODUuMjIxLjIxOS4yMDo0Nzg1NiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTg1LjIyMS4yMTkuMjAiLCAicG9ydCI6IDQ3ODU2LCAiaWQiOiAiMDY1MDE2MTQtMmNkZS00NTg5LWI3NWYtOGRmODk1ZTY1YjNjIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIyMy4xNTguNTYuMTg0IiwiYWlkIjoiMCIsImFscG4iOiIiLCJmcCI6IiIsImhvc3QiOiIiLCJpZCI6IjA0NjIxYmFlLWFiMzYtMTFlYy1iOTA5LTAyNDJhYzEyMDAwMiIsIm5ldCI6InRjcCIsInBhdGgiOiIiLCJwb3J0IjoiMjIzMjQiLCJwcyI6Itqp2KfZhtmB24zaryDZvtix2LPYsdi52Kog2LHYp9uM2q/Yp9mG8J+Mi0B2bWVzYyIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJ0bHMiOiIiLCJ0eXBlIjoibm9uZSIsInYiOiIyIn0=‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚ù• MciFree serviceüëáüëáüëáüëáüëá‚úÖ @vmesc
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTY5LjE1MC4yMDguODMiLCAicG9ydCI6IDE4MDAwLCAiYWlkIjogMCwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAiaWQiOiAiZjhjOGRjM2QtMGQzNy00NmIwLThiMzQtYTcyMzI4ODJmY2ZlIn0=Country = #Sweden(üá∏üá™)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTQ5LjcuMTYuMTQ5IiwgInBvcnQiOiAzNzEwMSwgImlkIjogImZiM2ZjMjQzLTQ2OTgtNDljNC04YzQ0LTA0MTVmNjhhNGQyNSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9Country = #United_Kingdom(üá¨üáß)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiNTcuMTI5LjI0LjE0MSIsICJwb3J0IjogIjQ0MyIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAiaWQiOiAiMDNmY2M2MTgtYjkzZC02Nzk2LTZhZWQtOGEzOGM5NzVkNTgxIiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rdndzIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMifQ==Country = #Germany(üá©üá™)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAidXMydm1lc3Mucm5tY25tLmNvbSIsICJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJwb3J0IjogODAsICJpZCI6ICI3ZjhhMWJiOS1iZWUwLTQwYTgtZjkwOC0yMWE2NWRhMGYzY2MiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLzEyM3F3ZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIn0=Country = #US(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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 = #Germany(üá©üá™)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJQYXJzVmRzLmlyIiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiZ2x3ZWlkZi5zYnMiLAogICAgImlkIjogIjc2MjIxYmZiLWU5MmYtNGU4MC04MWM1LTZmZTQ4ZjUwYWMwYiIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rd3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTEwNC4yMS45NC4xNjgtMTEzOSIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTA0LjIxLjE2LjEiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAiYWxwbiI6ICIiLCAiZnAiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjdmOGExYmI5LWJlZTAtNDBhOC1mOTA4LTIxYTY1ZGEwZjNjYyIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvMTIzcXdlIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiODAiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVdTLU5BIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGZmNFx1MjAwZFx1MjYyMFx1ZmUwZiBOQS0xMDQuMjEuMTYuMTo4MCIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzbmkiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAidHlwZSI6ICItLS0iLCAidiI6ICIyIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIyMy4xNjIuMjAwLjIyNyIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogIiIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiMDNmY2M2MTgtYjkzZC02Nzk2LTZhZWQtOGEzOGM5NzVkNTgxIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt2d3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+HqPCfh6ZDQS0yMy4xNjIuMjAwLjIyNy03NDQ3IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICIiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxODguMTE0Ljk3Ljc5IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAibGluZGUwNi5pbmRpYXZpZGVvLnNicyIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiZWRiYjEwNTktMTYzMy00MjcxLWI2NmUtZWQ0ZmJhNDdhMWJmIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTg4LjExNC45Ny43OS03NDQwIiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAibGluZGUwNi5pbmRpYXZpZGVvLnNicyIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTA0LjIxLjk2LjEiLCAiYWlkIjogMCwgImhvc3QiOiAiZGUwMS5zaC1jbG91ZGZsYXJlLnNicyIsICJpZCI6ICI3NWEwODg1Zi0wY2E1LTQyYTQtODY1MS0zOTFjZjgxOTMxNTQiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsICJwb3J0IjogMjA5NiwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGQxMiBWTS1XUy1UTFMgXHVkODNjXHVkZmY0XHUyMDBkXHUyNjIwXHVmZTBmIE5BLTEwNC4yMS45Ni4xOjIwOTYiLCAidGxzIjogInRscyIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwgInNuaSI6ICJkZTAxLnNoLWNsb3VkZmxhcmUuc2JzIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjoiMiIsInBzIjoiRC1GQUlUSC02MjI3IiwiYWRkIjoiMTY3LjcxLjI1MC4xMTUiLCJwb3J0IjoiODg4MSIsImlkIjoiZGI1YWZhZTQtYWMyMy00MWE2LTgzNzgtZjMwN2E5YTQ3NDM2IiwiYWlkIjoiMCIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJuZXQiOiJ0Y3AiLCJ0eXBlIjoiaHR0cCIsImhvc3QiOiJtb2kuaXIiLCJwYXRoIjoiLyIsInRscyI6Im5vbmUiLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJhbHBuIjoiIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess: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 = #Moldova(üá≤üá©)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYyBTRy0xNTQuMjYuMTM3LjQyOjQ0MTA0IiwgImFkZCI6ICIxNTQuMjYuMTM3LjQyIiwgInBvcnQiOiA0NDEwNCwgImlkIjogImU5OTMzYTRjLWU1NmUtNDU4Yy1iY2Y0LTljYjM4NzViYmE1NSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmM1x1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmMSBOTC0xNzIuOTkuMTg4LjE5MDo0NzkyNSIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTcyLjk5LjE4OC4xOTAiLCAicG9ydCI6IDQ3OTI1LCAiaWQiOiAiZjU4ZmZkYTItM2VmYy00OWE1LTkwNDctZjhjMmY5M2M1NzVkIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYlx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmNyBGUi0zOC4xMDkuMjI4LjE2MzoyNzA2MCIsICJhZGQiOiAiMzguMTA5LjIyOC4xNjMiLCAicG9ydCI6IDI3MDYwLCAiaWQiOiAiNzFkYTQwYjktYzIwZS00YTZlLTgwY2ItYzgxNDFmNjkzNTI2IiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNTIuNjcuMjUxLjIzMiIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogImlydmlkZW8uY2ZkIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICJlNTM3ZjJmNS0yYTBjLTRmNTktOTJjOS04MzJjYTY0MzNiZjMiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfh7rwn4e4VVMtMTUyLjY3LjI1MS4yMzItNzQzNSIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogZmFsc2UsCiAgICAic25pIjogImlydmlkZW8uY2ZkIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiJhbGlwLmNvbSIsImFpZCI6IjAiLCJhbHBuIjoiIiwiZnAiOiIiLCJob3N0IjoiIiwiaWQiOiJiNGMxZGQ2Mi1mMGRkLTRhNmYtOGU4NS1lNDI5M2EzMzgxODciLCJuZXQiOiJ0Y3AiLCJwYXRoIjoiIiwicG9ydCI6Ijg2NDMiLCJwcyI6Ilvwn4+BXXQubWUvQ29uZmlnc0h1YiIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJ0bHMiOiIiLCJ0eXBlIjoibm9uZSIsInYiOiIyIn0=œü ·¥õ·¥á ú Ä·¥Ä…¥ œü Íú± ú…™ Ä·¥Ä·¥¢ œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü ·¥ã·¥Ä Ä·¥Ä·¥ä œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: # ô Ä…™·¥õ…™s ú·¥†…™ Ä…¢…™…¥…™s ü·¥Ä…¥·¥Ös(·¥†…¢)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiNjUuMTA5LjE5Mi4yNDQiLCAicG9ydCI6IDI5ODc4LCAiaWQiOiAiNDJjZjZhMmEtZmM1Yy00MjJjLTg4YzQtYzJjZTE3MmEyMWE2IiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=Country = #Finland(üá´üáÆ)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiNDYuMjkuMTY2LjIzNyIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJhbHBuIjogIiIsICJmcCI6ICIiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICIiLCAiaWQiOiAiMGM0OWNkMTktMjc1OC00ZDM4LWU2YTgtMTFmMmQ2NjM1ODYwIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIiLCAicG9ydCI6ICI0NzU1NSIsICJwcyI6ICJcdWQ4M2RcdWRmZTNcdWQ4M2RcdWRkMjUrXHUwNmE5XHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2XHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ0K1x1MDYzM1x1MDYzMVx1MDY0OFx1MDYzMStcdTA2MzFcdTA2MjdcdTA2Y2NcdTA2YWZcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDYrQEZhcmFoVlBOIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNuaSI6ICIiLCAidGxzIjogIiIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidiI6ICIyIn0=Country = #Russia(üá∑üá∫)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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Country = #Poland(üáµüá±)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAicHEtYnJhemlsMS4wOXZwbi5jb20iLCAicG9ydCI6ICI4MCIsICJpZCI6ICJjMDRjM2IzNC03MGZkLTRmZWMtOTYzZS1jMTJkMDlmMzZiZWYiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgImhvc3QiOiAicHEtYnJhemlsMS4wOXZwbi5jb20iLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvdm1lc3MvIn0=Country = #Brazil(üáßüá∑)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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Country = #Spain(üá™üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiNjUuMTA5LjE5Mi4yNDQiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAiYWxwbiI6ICIiLCAiZnAiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjg3MGFhZGZmLTNlYWMtNGQ5Zi1hMjFhLWMxYTAxNjY0YThjOCIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiNTI2MzUiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzbmkiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ2IjogIjIifQ==Country = #Finland(üá´üáÆ)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxODguMTE0Ljk5LjE4MyIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogImxpbmRlMDYuaW5kaWF2aWRlby5zYnMiLAogICAgImlkIjogImVkYmIxMDU5LTE2MzMtNDI3MS1iNjZlLWVkNGZiYTQ3YTFiZiIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rd3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTE4OC4xMTQuOTkuMTgzLTc0MjAiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJsaW5kZTA2LmluZGlhdmlkZW8uc2JzIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYyBTRy02Mi4xNDYuMjMyLjE1Nzo1Mjg1NiIsICJhZGQiOiAiNjIuMTQ2LjIzMi4xNTciLCAicG9ydCI6IDUyODU2LCAiaWQiOiAiZWQ1NGUzODgtYmZjNS00YjM2LWFlNGQtOGIzY2Q0NjBkM2Q0IiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIiwgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjEuOTQuMTY4IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNjJhYTVmODAtMDMyOC00MDA0LWEzNzUtN2Y1YTU5ZGY0MDIyIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTA0LjIxLjk0LjE2OC03NDU5IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICIiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess: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Country = #United_States(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIzOC4xNC4xMDcuMjI1IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiA2NCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogInd3dy4yMzE3OTc1My54eXoiLAogICAgImlkIjogIjQxODA0OGFmLWEyOTMtNGI5OS05YjBjLTk4Y2EzNTgwZGQyNCIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9wYXRoLzE4MTcyMTI3MjExNCIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDM4MDAzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfh7rwn4e4VVMtMzguMTQuMTA3LjIyNS03NDk4IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICIiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjEuMTguMjI3IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiamFoZmtqaGEuY2ZkIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICI5NTBkYjZhYS00OTI2LTQ2MTYtODE2ZS1lYzAzMTJkY2I4N2IiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfj4FSRUxBWS0xMDQuMjEuMTguMjI3LTc1MjAiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsCiAgICAic25pIjogIiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjoiMiIsInBzIjoiRC1GT1gtMjA4OCIsImFkZCI6IjEzOC4xOTcuMS4yMjIiLCJwb3J0IjoiODg4MSIsImlkIjoiZGI1YWZhZTQtYWMyMy00MWE2LTgzNzgtZjMwN2E5YTQ3NDM2IiwiYWlkIjoiMCIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJuZXQiOiJ0Y3AiLCJ0eXBlIjoiaHR0cCIsImhvc3QiOiJtb2kuaXIiLCJwYXRoIjoiLyIsInRscyI6Im5vbmUiLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJhbHBuIjoiIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxODUuMTQ2LjE3My4xNTgiLCJhaWQiOiIwIiwiYWxwbiI6IiIsImZwIjoiIiwiaG9zdCI6ImphaGZramhhLmNmZCIsImlkIjoiOTUwZGI2YWEtNDkyNi00NjE2LTgxNmUtZWMwMzEyZGNiODdiIiwibmV0Ijoid3MiLCJwYXRoIjoiL2xpbmt3cyIsInBvcnQiOiI0NDMiLCJwcyI6Ilvwn4e48J+Hql10Lm1lL0NvbmZpZ3NIdWIiLCJzY3kiOiJhdXRvIiwic25pIjoiamFoZmtqaGEuY2ZkIiwidGxzIjoidGxzIiwidHlwZSI6IiIsInYiOiIyIn0=œü ·¥õ·¥á ú Ä·¥Ä…¥ œü Íú± ú…™ Ä·¥Ä·¥¢ œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü ·¥ã·¥Ä Ä·¥Ä·¥ä œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #s·¥°·¥á·¥Ö·¥á…¥(s·¥á)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiczIuZGItbGluazAyLnRvcCIsICJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJwb3J0IjogODA4MCwgImlkIjogIjRiMzY2MjVjLWI5ZDktM2VhNi1hZWQ1LTg2ZDYyYzcwZTE2ZCIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAidHlwZSI6ICIiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICIxMDAtMTE5LTE1MS0yNDguczIuZGItbGluazAyLnRvcCIsICJwYXRoIjogIi9kYWJhaS5pbjE3Mi42NC40MS4xNTAiLCAidGxzIjogIiJ9Country = #US(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTcyLjk5LjE4OC4xOTAiLCAicG9ydCI6IDQ3OTI1LCAiaWQiOiAiZjU4ZmZkYTItM2VmYy00OWE1LTkwNDctZjhjMmY5M2M1NzVkIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=Country = #The_Netherlands(üá≥üá±)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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Country = #Canada(üá®üá¶)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiNTcuMTI5LjI4LjY5IiwgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsICJhaWQiOiAwLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwgImlkIjogIjAzZmNjNjE4LWI5M2QtNjc5Ni02YWVkLThhMzhjOTc1ZDU4MSIsICJzbmkiOiAid3JtZWxtd3hsZi5na3RldmxycXpud3Fxb3p5LmZhYnBmczY2Z2l6bW5vamhjdnF4d2wua3l0cmNmenFsYTg3Z3ZndnM2Yzdram5ydWJ1aC5jYyIsICJob3N0IjogImJhcmFkaWhhLmNvbSIsICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rdndzIn0=Country = #Germany(üá©üá™)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTcwLjExNC40NS41MiIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJhbHBuIjogIiIsICJmcCI6ICIiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJ1c3RvdWNqam5pZDE4c2o2dXMubG92ZWJhaXBpYW8uY29tIiwgImlkIjogIjkxOTliZjc4LTg3NjItNGVjNS05YjdmLTA3Mzk2YjcxZTlkNCIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiMjA4NiIsICJwcyI6ICJcdWQ4M2RcdWRkMTIgVk0tV1MtTkEgXHVkODNjXHVkZGZhXHVkODNjXHVkZGY4IFVTLTE3MC4xMTQuNDUuNTI6MjA4NiIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzbmkiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAidHlwZSI6ICIiLCAidiI6ICIyIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess: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ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMzcuMjcuMTgyLjEwOSIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJob3N0IjogIiIsICJpZCI6ICJiM2E2NDM1Yi1mZWFlLTQxZjQtYTZiOC1jZjNjMDllNTM2ZTEiLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJwYXRoIjogIiIsICJwb3J0IjogMzM3OCwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGQxMiBWTS1UQ1AtTk9ORSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZWJcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZWUgRkktMzcuMjcuMTgyLjEwOTozMzc4IiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiIiwgInYiOiAiMiJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxODguMTE0Ljk3Ljc5IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAibGluZGUwNi5pbmRpYXZpZGVvLnNicyIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiZWRiYjEwNTktMTYzMy00MjcxLWI2NmUtZWQ0ZmJhNDdhMWJmIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTg4LjExNC45Ny43OS03NTE3IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAibGluZGUwNi5pbmRpYXZpZGVvLnNicyIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTA0LjIxLjgyLjE4MyIsICJhaWQiOiAwLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJzZXJ2ZXIyNi5iZWhlc2h0YmFuZWguY29tIiwgImlkIjogIjVhNzAyMWUwLTI2YjQtNDVkNi1iMTc1LWZlNTUxNjAxY2E5NyIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgInBvcnQiOiA4ODgwLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVdTLU5BIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGZmNFx1MjAwZFx1MjYyMFx1ZmUwZiBOQS0xMDQuMjEuODIuMTgzOjg4ODAiLCAidGxzIjogIiIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwgInNuaSI6ICIifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjEuOTQuMTY4IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNjJhYTVmODAtMDMyOC00MDA0LWEzNzUtN2Y1YTU5ZGY0MDIyIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTA0LjIxLjk0LjE2OC03NTUwIiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICIiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess: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 = #The_Netherlands(üá≥üá±)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJ1czAxLnNoLWNsb3VkZmxhcmUuc2JzIiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAidXMwMS5zaC1jbG91ZGZsYXJlLnNicyIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiOTE0NTg0ZWUtMzUxNS00NmFjLWEwOWQtNDY3N2EyZTlkYzlhIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDg0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTEwNC4yMS4zMi4xLTA3NjQiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJ1czAxLnNoLWNsb3VkZmxhcmUuc2JzIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlZVx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmMyBJTi05NC4xMzYuMTg0LjE1NTozOTI1MyIsICJhZGQiOiAiOTQuMTM2LjE4NC4xNTUiLCAicG9ydCI6IDM5MjUzLCAiaWQiOiAiNjliNDlhMzUtY2Y1NS00ZDE0LTlmMmItZDdjZTNhMGRiNzJlIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmYVx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOCBVUy0xNS4yMDQuMjQ4LjkyOjMwNTYyIiwgImFkZCI6ICIxNS4yMDQuMjQ4LjkyIiwgInBvcnQiOiAzMDU2MiwgImlkIjogIjgyNDY2NzE1LTZhNTgtNDA0Ni1hMzYzLWEwZDE4ZTViMmFiNCIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAidXN3dXhpYW4ucGFpNTAyODgudWsiLCAidiI6ICIyIiwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGZlM1x1ZDgzZFx1ZGQyNStcdTA2YTlcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDZcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDQrXHUwNjMzXHUwNjMxXHUwNjQ4XHUwNjMxK1x1MDYzMVx1MDYyN1x1MDZjY1x1MDZhZlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NitARmFyYWhWUE4iLCAicG9ydCI6IDg0NDMsICJpZCI6ICJjMzEzNjA2Zi05OGMyLTRkN2ItYmE3NC00OGI5NGY2MWIxMWQiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAidXN3dXhpYW4ucGFpNTAyODgudWsiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMifQ==Country = #US(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTcyLjk5LjE4OC41NSIsICJwb3J0IjogMTcyODQsICJpZCI6ICJlNGVmZTEyZC05N2MwLTRmZDctYmZkNC0wNjlmZjA0ZThkNDQiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogIm5vbmUifQ==Country = #The_Netherlands(üá≥üá±)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiODguMTk4LjE3Mi4yNSIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJhbHBuIjogIiIsICJmcCI6ICIiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICIiLCAiaWQiOiAiZTdlYjQ3MmUtZGM4My00OWQ1LWJlNWUtODJhNzlhMjEyNGVlIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJncnBjIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiSmJpQjhWNjZWNzhIZjViaXZmc2lzOHZIIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiMTUxNDUiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLUdSUEMtTkEgXHVkODNjXHVkZGU5XHVkODNjXHVkZGVhIERFLTg4LjE5OC4xNzIuMjU6MTUxNDUiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAic25pIjogIiIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiZ3VuIiwgInYiOiAiMiJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMjMuMTYyLjIwMC45MSIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJob3N0IjogIiIsICJpZCI6ICJjYzliNjZiNy0xZGU3LTRhYTktOTY0Mi01NzVhOGFlM2ZmMTkiLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJwYXRoIjogIiIsICJwb3J0IjogIjIwMTgyIiwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGQxMiBWTS1UQ1AtTkEgXHVkODNjXHVkZGU4XHVkODNjXHVkZGU2IENBLTIzLjE2Mi4yMDAuOTE6MjAxODIiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAic25pIjogIiIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiIiwgInYiOiAiMiJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNzIuNjcuMTYxLjc3IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAibGluZGUwNi5pbmRpYXZpZGVvLnNicyIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiZWRiYjEwNTktMTYzMy00MjcxLWI2NmUtZWQ0ZmJhNDdhMWJmIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTcyLjY3LjE2MS43Ny03NTYyIiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAibGluZGUwNi5pbmRpYXZpZGVvLnNicyIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICI2YThlMGNhMi1zdWN2NDAtdDgybzV0LWxidzUuaGsucDVwdi5jb20iLAogICAgImFpZCI6IDIsCiAgICAiaG9zdCI6ICJicm9hZGNhc3Rsdi5jaGF0LmJpbGliaWxpLmNvbSIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiMGU1MTFmNTAtNzkzZi0xMWVhLWI4NzMtZjIzYzkxY2ZiYmM5IiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDgwLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfh63wn4ewSEstMS42NS4yMTguMTI5LTA5MTciLAogICAgInRscyI6ICIiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsCiAgICAic25pIjogIiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJzMi5kYi1saW5rMDEudG9wIiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiMTAwLTEzMC0xMzYtNTAuczIuZGItbGluazAxLnRvcCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNGIzNjYyNWMtYjlkOS0zZWE2LWFlZDUtODZkNjJjNzBlMTZkIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2RhYmFpLmluMTA0LjIxLjEzMy4xMiIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDIwOTUsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTEwNC4xNy4yMTMuMjQxLTA4OTEiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICIiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsCiAgICAic25pIjogIiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJueTEtZGFzaC44OTA2OTkueHl6IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAibnkxLWRhc2guODkwNjk5Lnh5eiIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNjU4Yjg3ZTAtNWQ5Mi00NDI0LWQzNDQtYzE2N2FjZDZhNzdmIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL255MS1zdWIuODkwNjk5Lnh5eiIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDIwOTYsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTEwNC4yMS4zMi4xLTU2OTYiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJueTEtc3ViLjg5MDY5OS54eXoiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiI0Ni4yOS4xNjYuMjM3IiwiYWlkIjoiMCIsImFscG4iOiIiLCJmcCI6IiIsImhvc3QiOiIiLCJpZCI6IjBjNDljZDE5LTI3NTgtNGQzOC1lNmE4LTExZjJkNjYzNTg2MCIsIm5ldCI6InRjcCIsInBhdGgiOiIiLCJwb3J0IjoiNDc1NTUiLCJwcyI6Itiz2LHZiNixINix2KfbjNqv2KfZhiDZvtix2LPYsdi52Krwn4yKIEB2bWVzc19pciIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJ0bHMiOiIiLCJ0eXBlIjoibm9uZSIsInYiOiIyIn0=ŸÖÿÆÿµŸàÿµ ÿß€åÿ±ÿßŸÜÿ≥ŸÑ Ÿà ÿ±ÿß€åÿ™ŸÑ‚úÖÿ≠ÿ™ŸÖÿß ÿ®Ÿá ÿßÿ¥ÿ™ÿ±ÿß⁄© ÿ®ÿ≤ÿßÿ±€åÿØ ‚úÖ@vmess_irüöÄüöÄüí¨üí¨üí¨üì∑üì∑üí¨üì∫üì∫üí¨üòçÿØÿ± ÿµŸàÿ±ÿ™ ÿßÿ™ÿµÿßŸÑ ÿ≠ÿ™ŸÖÿß ÿØÿ± ÿ±€å⁄©ÿ¥ŸÜ Ÿáÿß ÿ¥ÿ±⁄©ÿ™ ⁄©ŸÜ€åÿØüòç
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxMDcuMTQ4LjIwNy4yNDkiLCJhaWQiOiIwIiwiYWxwbiI6IiIsImZwIjoiIiwiaG9zdCI6ImFwcHN2cy5zaG9wIiwiaWQiOiI0MTgwNDhhZi1hMjkzLTRiOTktOWIwYy05OGNhMzU4MGRkMjQiLCJuZXQiOiJ0Y3AiLCJwYXRoIjoiLyIsInBvcnQiOiI0ODcxMiIsInBzIjoiW/Cfh7rwn4e4XXQubWUvQ29uZmlnc0h1YiIsImlkIjoiNDE4MDQ4YWYtYTI5My00Yjk5LTliMGMtOThjYTM1ODBkZDI0IiwibmV0IjoidGNwIiwicGF0aCI6Ii8iLCJwb3J0IjoiNDg3MTIiLCJwcyI6IldpRmktQFYycmF5X0FscGhhLTE0Iiwic2N5IjoiYXV0byIsInNuaSI6IiIsInRscyI6IiIsInR5cGUiOiJub25lIiwidiI6IjIifQ==œü ·¥õ·¥á ú Ä·¥Ä…¥ œü Íú± ú…™ Ä·¥Ä·¥¢ œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü ·¥ã·¥Ä Ä·¥Ä·¥ä œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #·¥ú…¥…™·¥õ·¥á·¥Ös·¥õ·¥Ä·¥õ·¥ás(·¥ús)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxODYuMTkwLjIxNS45MyIsImFpZCI6IjAiLCJhbHBuIjoiIiwiZnAiOiIiLCJob3N0IjoiIiwiaWQiOiIwNDYyMWJhZS1hYjM2LTExZWMtYjkwOS0wMjQyYWMxMjAwMDIiLCJuZXQiOiJ0Y3AiLCJwYXRoIjoiIiwicG9ydCI6IjIyMzI0IiwicHMiOiJb8J+PgV10Lm1lL0NvbmZpZ3NIdWIiLCJzY3kiOiJhdXRvIiwic25pIjoiIiwidGxzIjoiIiwidHlwZSI6Im5vbmUiLCJ2IjoiMiJ9œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #s·¥°…™·¥õ·¥¢·¥á Ä ü·¥Ä…¥·¥Ö(·¥Ñ ú)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIyMy4xNTguNTYuMjEiLCJhaWQiOiIwIiwiYWxwbiI6IiIsImZwIjoiIiwiaG9zdCI6IiIsImlkIjoiNmVlZjM0NDgtYmJjMC00OTMzLTg5NGEtNzJiM2U4Nzg2MTA5IiwibmV0IjoidGNwIiwicGF0aCI6IiIsInBvcnQiOiI0ODk2MSIsInBzIjoiW/Cfh6nwn4eqXXQubWUvQ29uZmlnc0h1YiIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJ0bHMiOiIiLCJ0eXBlIjoibm9uZSIsInYiOiIyIn0=œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #…¢·¥á Ä·¥ç·¥Ä…¥ è(·¥Ö·¥á)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiNTEuNzkuMTAyLjI1MyIsICJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJwb3J0IjogODAsICJpZCI6ICI1OGZlMTU0Mi01MjkwLTQwYWQtODE1YS03NzcwN2E4MWFmZTUiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiL0lPZWJoTE1obDFDVGJGSGJMOTVteWZSWDIiLCAidGxzIjogIiJ9Country = #Canada(üá®üá¶)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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Country = #Germany(üá©üá™)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAidXN3dXhpYW4ucGFpNTAyODgudWsiLCAidiI6ICIyIiwgInBvcnQiOiA4NDQzLCAiaWQiOiAiYzMxMzYwNmYtOThjMi00ZDdiLWJhNzQtNDhiOTRmNjFiMTFkIiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsICJ0eXBlIjogIiIsICJob3N0IjogInVzd3V4aWFuLnBhaTUwMjg4LnVrIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGZlM1x1ZDgzZFx1ZGQyNStcdTA2YTlcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDZcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDQrXHUwNjMzXHUwNjMxXHUwNjQ4XHUwNjMxK1x1MDYzMVx1MDYyN1x1MDZjY1x1MDZhZlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NitARmFyYWhWUE4ifQ==Country = #US(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYlx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmNyBGUi0zOC4xMDkuMjI4LjIxNDoxNDg1NCIsICJhZGQiOiAiMzguMTA5LjIyOC4yMTQiLCAicG9ydCI6IDE0ODU0LCAiaWQiOiAiZjBhMjE0YmEtMmE0Zi00ZjIyLWIzNDItMDMxMjM3MjZhYjI3IiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxODguMTE0Ljk5LjE4MyIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogImxpbmRlMDYuaW5kaWF2aWRlby5zYnMiLAogICAgImlkIjogImVkYmIxMDU5LTE2MzMtNDI3MS1iNjZlLWVkNGZiYTQ3YTFiZiIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rd3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTE4OC4xMTQuOTkuMTgzLTc1NDMiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJsaW5kZTA2LmluZGlhdmlkZW8uc2JzIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJmazItYmFzaC44OTA2MTcueHl6IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiZmsyLWJhc2guODkwNjE3Lnh5eiIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiZmVkZGMzMjYtZGE3MC00ZmFiLTk1YTktOGY5OGJlNmRhNjMzIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2ZrMi0xIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogMjA4NywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTcyLjY3LjE1OS41Ni01NjI0IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiZmsyLWJhc2guODkwNjE3Lnh5eiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICI1MS43Ny4yMC4xMzciLAogICAgImFpZCI6IDAsCiAgICAiaG9zdCI6ICJ0aWxlYmFuaS5jb20iLAogICAgImlkIjogIjAzZmNjNjE4LWI5M2QtNjc5Ni02YWVkLThhMzhjOTc1ZDU4MSIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rdndzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfh6vwn4e3RlItNTEuNzcuMjAuMTM3LTc1NzkiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsCiAgICAic25pIjogIiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxMDQuMTkuMTUwLjEwIiwiYWlkIjoiMCIsImFscG4iOiIiLCJmcCI6IiIsImhvc3QiOiJtY2kubXRuLmlyLmNvbS5vcmcubmV0Lm9tMi5tdXNpY2ZhMTIzLmlyLiIsImlkIjoiOTRmMzMyYjAtYzVkMy00NTMxLWExZDYtNmU2MzU4Y2M2YzcyIiwibmV0IjoiaHR0cHVwZ3JhZGUiLCJwYXRoIjoiL2QzZDNMbWx5WVc1b2IzTjBMbU52YlFcdTAwM2RcdTAwM2Q/ZWRcdTAwM2QyNTYwIiwicG9ydCI6IjIwOTUiLCJwcyI6Itqp2KfZhtmB24zaryDZvtix2LPYsdi52Kog2LHYp9uM2q/Yp9mG8J+Mi0B2bWVzYyIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJ0bHMiOiIiLCJ0eXBlIjoiLS0tIiwidiI6IjIifQ==‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚ù• MtnFree serviceüëáüëáüëáüëáüëá‚úÖ @vmesc
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxNzIuNjcuMTcwLjEwMyIsImFpZCI6IjAiLCJhbHBuIjoiaDMiLCJmcCI6ImNocm9tZSIsImhvc3QiOiJnbHdlaWRmLnNicyIsImlkIjoiNzYyMjFiZmItZTkyZi00ZTgwLTgxYzUtNmZlNDhmNTBhYzBiIiwibmV0Ijoid3MiLCJwYXRoIjoiL2xpbmt3cyIsInBvcnQiOiI0NDMiLCJwcyI6Ilvwn4eo8J+Hpl10Lm1lL0NvbmZpZ3NIdWIiLCJzY3kiOiJhdXRvIiwic25pIjoiZ2x3ZWlkZi5zYnMiLCJ0bHMiOiJ0bHMiLCJ0eXBlIjoiIiwidiI6IjIifQ==œü ·¥õ·¥á ú Ä·¥Ä…¥ œü Íú± ú…™ Ä·¥Ä·¥¢ œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü ·¥ã·¥Ä Ä·¥Ä·¥ä œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #·¥Ñ·¥Ä…¥·¥Ä·¥Ö·¥Ä(·¥Ñ·¥Ä)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTIwLjE5OC43MS4yMTQiLCAicG9ydCI6ICIzNDA5MyIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAiaWQiOiAiNDE4MDQ4YWYtYTI5My00Yjk5LTliMGMtOThjYTM1ODBkZDI0IiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICIifQ==Country = #China(üá®üá≥)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiNTEuNzkuMTAzLjc2IiwgInYiOiAiMiIsICJwcyI6ICJcdWQ4M2RcdWRmZTNcdWQ4M2RcdWRkMjUrXHUwNmE5XHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2XHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ0K1x1MDYzM1x1MDYzMVx1MDY0OFx1MDYzMStcdTA2MzFcdTA2MjdcdTA2Y2NcdTA2YWZcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDYrQEZhcmFoVlBOIiwgInBvcnQiOiA4MCwgImlkIjogIjU4ZmUxNTQyLTUyOTAtNDBhZC04MTVhLTc3NzA3YTgxYWZlNSIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAidHlwZSI6ICIiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJ3cm1lbG13eGxmLmdrdGV2bHJxem53cXFvenkuZmFicGZzNjZnaXptbm9qaGN2cXh3bC5reXRyY2Z6cWxhODdndmd2czZjN2tqbnJ1YnVoLmNjIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiL0lPZWJoTE1obDFDVGJGSGJMOTVteWZSWDIiLCAidGxzIjogIiJ9Country = #Canada(üá®üá¶)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiNDYuMjUwLjI1My4yMzQiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAiYWxwbiI6ICIiLCAiZnAiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjc2MmIzOTIzLTU4ODUtNGM1Zi04ODZmLWU2Mjc4ODUxMjMzOCIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiMjg4NzIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzbmkiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAidHlwZSI6ICIiLCAidiI6ICIyIn0=Country = #Japan(üáØüáµ)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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 = #Canada(üá®üá¶)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjYuMC45NSIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogIm9iZGlpLmNmZCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiMDU2NDFjZjUtNThkMi00YmE0LWE5ZjEtYjNjZGEwYjFmYjFkIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTA0LjI2LjAuOTUtNzQ3MCIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogZmFsc2UsCiAgICAic25pIjogIm9iZGlpLmNmZCIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMzEuMTI5LjEwNS4yMzkiLCAiYWlkIjogMCwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjc5M2UwM2NjLTJiMDgtNGQxYi1iYjBiLTU5MjU2N2QxOTA0MyIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgInBvcnQiOiAxNjIzMSwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGQxMiBWTS1XUy1OQSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZjdcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZmEgUlUtMzEuMTI5LjEwNS4yMzk6MTYyMzEiLCAidGxzIjogIiIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwgInNuaSI6ICIifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OQSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZWZcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZjUgSlAtMTMuMjMwLjIzNS4yNDc6NDg4ODkiLCAiYWRkIjogIjEzLjIzMC4yMzUuMjQ3IiwgInBvcnQiOiAiNDg4ODkiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgImlkIjogImMxMzBjYjM2LWM5M2YtNGJlNy05MjI4LWE3YTk3ZDQzODg1YSIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsICJob3N0IjogImd5LnlvdWFyZW15Z29kLnRvcCIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlNiBDQS0yMy4xNjIuMjAwLjkxOjIwMTgyIiwgImFkZCI6ICIyMy4xNjIuMjAwLjkxIiwgInBvcnQiOiAyMDE4MiwgImlkIjogImNjOWI2NmI3LTFkZTctNGFhOS05NjQyLTU3NWE4YWUzZmYxOSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNzIuNjcuMTUzLjE1NiIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogInVzd3V4aWFuLnBhaTUwMjg4LnVrIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICJjMzEzNjA2Zi05OGMyLTRkN2ItYmE3NC00OGI5NGY2MWIxMWQiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogODQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTcyLjY3LjE1My4xNTYtMDMwNyIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmYVx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOCBVUy01MS44MS4yMDMuNTc6Mjg4NjAiLCAiYWRkIjogIjUxLjgxLjIwMy41NyIsICJwb3J0IjogMjg4NjAsICJpZCI6ICIxNzg0NDk3ZC0wM2ExLTQwYmItYmI4Yi1kZTRmZmFjN2M1OWMiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogIm5vbmUifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjEuOTQuMTY4IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNjJhYTVmODAtMDMyOC00MDA0LWEzNzUtN2Y1YTU5ZGY0MDIyIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTA0LjIxLjk0LjE2OC03NDQ4IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICIiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYyBTRy02Mi4xNDYuMjMzLjExMjozNjcxMiIsICJhZGQiOiAiNjIuMTQ2LjIzMy4xMTIiLCAicG9ydCI6IDM2NzEyLCAiaWQiOiAiOTI2NmRmNDItMDgzMC00OGMyLTg1MDktNGM1N2IzMGZlMjlkIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNzIuNjcuNzEuMTYwIiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAib2JkaWkuY2ZkIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICIwNTY0MWNmNS01OGQyLTRiYTQtYTlmMS1iM2NkYTBiMWZiMWQiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfj4FSRUxBWS0xNzIuNjcuNzEuMTYwLTc0NzkiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJvYmRpaS5jZmQiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMzguMTQuMTA3LjIyNSIsICJwb3J0IjogMzgwMDMsICJhaWQiOiA2NCwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogInRscyIsICJpZCI6ICI0MTgwNDhhZi1hMjkzLTRiOTktOWIwYy05OGNhMzU4MGRkMjQiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJ3d3cuMjMxNzk3NTMueHl6IiwgInBhdGgiOiAiL3BhdGgvMTgxNzIxMjcyMTE0In0=Country = #United_States(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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 = #France(üá´üá∑)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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 = #France(üá´üá∑)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTU0LjgzLjIuOTAiLCAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywgImFpZCI6IDAsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLCAiaWQiOiAiOTUwZGI2YWEtNDkyNi00NjE2LTgxNmUtZWMwMzEyZGNiODdiIiwgInNuaSI6ICJqYWhma2poYS5jZmQiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJqYWhma2poYS5jZmQiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIn0=Country = #Seychelles(üá∏üá®)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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Country = #France(üá´üá∑)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNzIuNjcuMTMxLjE3IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNjJhYTVmODAtMDMyOC00MDA0LWEzNzUtN2Y1YTU5ZGY0MDIyIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTcyLjY3LjEzMS4xNy03NDM2IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlY1x1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlNyBHQi0xNDkuNy4xNi4xNDk6MzcxMDEiLCAiYWRkIjogIjE0OS43LjE2LjE0OSIsICJwb3J0IjogMzcxMDEsICJpZCI6ICJmYjNmYzI0My00Njk4LTQ5YzQtOGM0NC0wNDE1ZjY4YTRkMjUiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogIm5vbmUifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMTcuMjEzLjU3IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAieG1pdmlkZW8uY2ZkIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICI5M2VhNDg2YS1iYWRhLTQyYTQtYWMzOC1kMDg4YjMyMGZhMWUiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfj4FSRUxBWS0xMDQuMTcuMjEzLjU3LTc0NDMiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJ4bWl2aWRlby5jZmQiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlNiBDQS02Ny4yMjAuOTQuMTM3OjU3MTIzIiwgImFkZCI6ICI2Ny4yMjAuOTQuMTM3IiwgInBvcnQiOiA1NzEyMywgImlkIjogImI0ZDNhODFiLWVjMGUtNGEyNy1hMzU5LTZkZWEwYzRmMWY3NSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmM1x1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmMSBOTC0xODUuMjIxLjIxOS4yMDo0Nzg1NiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTg1LjIyMS4yMTkuMjAiLCAicG9ydCI6IDQ3ODU2LCAiaWQiOiAiMDY1MDE2MTQtMmNkZS00NTg5LWI3NWYtOGRmODk1ZTY1YjNjIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIyMy4xNTguNTYuMTg0IiwiYWlkIjoiMCIsImFscG4iOiIiLCJmcCI6IiIsImhvc3QiOiIiLCJpZCI6IjA0NjIxYmFlLWFiMzYtMTFlYy1iOTA5LTAyNDJhYzEyMDAwMiIsIm5ldCI6InRjcCIsInBhdGgiOiIiLCJwb3J0IjoiMjIzMjQiLCJwcyI6Itqp2KfZhtmB24zaryDZvtix2LPYsdi52Kog2LHYp9uM2q/Yp9mG8J+Mi0B2bWVzYyIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJ0bHMiOiIiLCJ0eXBlIjoibm9uZSIsInYiOiIyIn0=‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚ù• MciFree serviceüëáüëáüëáüëáüëá‚úÖ @vmesc
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTY5LjE1MC4yMDguODMiLCAicG9ydCI6IDE4MDAwLCAiYWlkIjogMCwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAiaWQiOiAiZjhjOGRjM2QtMGQzNy00NmIwLThiMzQtYTcyMzI4ODJmY2ZlIn0=Country = #Sweden(üá∏üá™)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTQ5LjcuMTYuMTQ5IiwgInBvcnQiOiAzNzEwMSwgImlkIjogImZiM2ZjMjQzLTQ2OTgtNDljNC04YzQ0LTA0MTVmNjhhNGQyNSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9Country = #United_Kingdom(üá¨üáß)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiNTcuMTI5LjI0LjE0MSIsICJwb3J0IjogIjQ0MyIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAiaWQiOiAiMDNmY2M2MTgtYjkzZC02Nzk2LTZhZWQtOGEzOGM5NzVkNTgxIiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rdndzIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMifQ==Country = #Germany(üá©üá™)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAidXMydm1lc3Mucm5tY25tLmNvbSIsICJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJwb3J0IjogODAsICJpZCI6ICI3ZjhhMWJiOS1iZWUwLTQwYTgtZjkwOC0yMWE2NWRhMGYzY2MiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLzEyM3F3ZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIn0=Country = #US(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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 = #Germany(üá©üá™)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJQYXJzVmRzLmlyIiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiZ2x3ZWlkZi5zYnMiLAogICAgImlkIjogIjc2MjIxYmZiLWU5MmYtNGU4MC04MWM1LTZmZTQ4ZjUwYWMwYiIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rd3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTEwNC4yMS45NC4xNjgtMTEzOSIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTA0LjIxLjE2LjEiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAiYWxwbiI6ICIiLCAiZnAiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjdmOGExYmI5LWJlZTAtNDBhOC1mOTA4LTIxYTY1ZGEwZjNjYyIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvMTIzcXdlIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiODAiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVdTLU5BIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGZmNFx1MjAwZFx1MjYyMFx1ZmUwZiBOQS0xMDQuMjEuMTYuMTo4MCIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzbmkiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAidHlwZSI6ICItLS0iLCAidiI6ICIyIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIyMy4xNjIuMjAwLjIyNyIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogIiIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiMDNmY2M2MTgtYjkzZC02Nzk2LTZhZWQtOGEzOGM5NzVkNTgxIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt2d3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+HqPCfh6ZDQS0yMy4xNjIuMjAwLjIyNy03NDQ3IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICIiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxODguMTE0Ljk3Ljc5IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAibGluZGUwNi5pbmRpYXZpZGVvLnNicyIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiZWRiYjEwNTktMTYzMy00MjcxLWI2NmUtZWQ0ZmJhNDdhMWJmIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTg4LjExNC45Ny43OS03NDQwIiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAibGluZGUwNi5pbmRpYXZpZGVvLnNicyIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTA0LjIxLjk2LjEiLCAiYWlkIjogMCwgImhvc3QiOiAiZGUwMS5zaC1jbG91ZGZsYXJlLnNicyIsICJpZCI6ICI3NWEwODg1Zi0wY2E1LTQyYTQtODY1MS0zOTFjZjgxOTMxNTQiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsICJwb3J0IjogMjA5NiwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGQxMiBWTS1XUy1UTFMgXHVkODNjXHVkZmY0XHUyMDBkXHUyNjIwXHVmZTBmIE5BLTEwNC4yMS45Ni4xOjIwOTYiLCAidGxzIjogInRscyIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwgInNuaSI6ICJkZTAxLnNoLWNsb3VkZmxhcmUuc2JzIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjoiMiIsInBzIjoiRC1GQUlUSC02MjI3IiwiYWRkIjoiMTY3LjcxLjI1MC4xMTUiLCJwb3J0IjoiODg4MSIsImlkIjoiZGI1YWZhZTQtYWMyMy00MWE2LTgzNzgtZjMwN2E5YTQ3NDM2IiwiYWlkIjoiMCIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJuZXQiOiJ0Y3AiLCJ0eXBlIjoiaHR0cCIsImhvc3QiOiJtb2kuaXIiLCJwYXRoIjoiLyIsInRscyI6Im5vbmUiLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJhbHBuIjoiIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess: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 = #Moldova(üá≤üá©)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYyBTRy0xNTQuMjYuMTM3LjQyOjQ0MTA0IiwgImFkZCI6ICIxNTQuMjYuMTM3LjQyIiwgInBvcnQiOiA0NDEwNCwgImlkIjogImU5OTMzYTRjLWU1NmUtNDU4Yy1iY2Y0LTljYjM4NzViYmE1NSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmM1x1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmMSBOTC0xNzIuOTkuMTg4LjE5MDo0NzkyNSIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTcyLjk5LjE4OC4xOTAiLCAicG9ydCI6IDQ3OTI1LCAiaWQiOiAiZjU4ZmZkYTItM2VmYy00OWE1LTkwNDctZjhjMmY5M2M1NzVkIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYlx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmNyBGUi0zOC4xMDkuMjI4LjE2MzoyNzA2MCIsICJhZGQiOiAiMzguMTA5LjIyOC4xNjMiLCAicG9ydCI6IDI3MDYwLCAiaWQiOiAiNzFkYTQwYjktYzIwZS00YTZlLTgwY2ItYzgxNDFmNjkzNTI2IiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNTIuNjcuMjUxLjIzMiIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogImlydmlkZW8uY2ZkIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICJlNTM3ZjJmNS0yYTBjLTRmNTktOTJjOS04MzJjYTY0MzNiZjMiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfh7rwn4e4VVMtMTUyLjY3LjI1MS4yMzItNzQzNSIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogZmFsc2UsCiAgICAic25pIjogImlydmlkZW8uY2ZkIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiJhbGlwLmNvbSIsImFpZCI6IjAiLCJhbHBuIjoiIiwiZnAiOiIiLCJob3N0IjoiIiwiaWQiOiJiNGMxZGQ2Mi1mMGRkLTRhNmYtOGU4NS1lNDI5M2EzMzgxODciLCJuZXQiOiJ0Y3AiLCJwYXRoIjoiIiwicG9ydCI6Ijg2NDMiLCJwcyI6Ilvwn4+BXXQubWUvQ29uZmlnc0h1YiIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJ0bHMiOiIiLCJ0eXBlIjoibm9uZSIsInYiOiIyIn0=œü ·¥õ·¥á ú Ä·¥Ä…¥ œü Íú± ú…™ Ä·¥Ä·¥¢ œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü ·¥ã·¥Ä Ä·¥Ä·¥ä œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: # ô Ä…™·¥õ…™s ú·¥†…™ Ä…¢…™…¥…™s ü·¥Ä…¥·¥Ös(·¥†…¢)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiNjUuMTA5LjE5Mi4yNDQiLCAicG9ydCI6IDI5ODc4LCAiaWQiOiAiNDJjZjZhMmEtZmM1Yy00MjJjLTg4YzQtYzJjZTE3MmEyMWE2IiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=Country = #Finland(üá´üáÆ)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiNDYuMjkuMTY2LjIzNyIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJhbHBuIjogIiIsICJmcCI6ICIiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICIiLCAiaWQiOiAiMGM0OWNkMTktMjc1OC00ZDM4LWU2YTgtMTFmMmQ2NjM1ODYwIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIiLCAicG9ydCI6ICI0NzU1NSIsICJwcyI6ICJcdWQ4M2RcdWRmZTNcdWQ4M2RcdWRkMjUrXHUwNmE5XHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2XHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ0K1x1MDYzM1x1MDYzMVx1MDY0OFx1MDYzMStcdTA2MzFcdTA2MjdcdTA2Y2NcdTA2YWZcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDYrQEZhcmFoVlBOIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNuaSI6ICIiLCAidGxzIjogIiIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidiI6ICIyIn0=Country = #Russia(üá∑üá∫)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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Country = #Poland(üáµüá±)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAicHEtYnJhemlsMS4wOXZwbi5jb20iLCAicG9ydCI6ICI4MCIsICJpZCI6ICJjMDRjM2IzNC03MGZkLTRmZWMtOTYzZS1jMTJkMDlmMzZiZWYiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgImhvc3QiOiAicHEtYnJhemlsMS4wOXZwbi5jb20iLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvdm1lc3MvIn0=Country = #Brazil(üáßüá∑)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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Country = #Spain(üá™üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiNjUuMTA5LjE5Mi4yNDQiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAiYWxwbiI6ICIiLCAiZnAiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjg3MGFhZGZmLTNlYWMtNGQ5Zi1hMjFhLWMxYTAxNjY0YThjOCIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiNTI2MzUiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzbmkiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ2IjogIjIifQ==Country = #Finland(üá´üáÆ)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxODguMTE0Ljk5LjE4MyIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogImxpbmRlMDYuaW5kaWF2aWRlby5zYnMiLAogICAgImlkIjogImVkYmIxMDU5LTE2MzMtNDI3MS1iNjZlLWVkNGZiYTQ3YTFiZiIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rd3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTE4OC4xMTQuOTkuMTgzLTc0MjAiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJsaW5kZTA2LmluZGlhdmlkZW8uc2JzIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYyBTRy02Mi4xNDYuMjMyLjE1Nzo1Mjg1NiIsICJhZGQiOiAiNjIuMTQ2LjIzMi4xNTciLCAicG9ydCI6IDUyODU2LCAiaWQiOiAiZWQ1NGUzODgtYmZjNS00YjM2LWFlNGQtOGIzY2Q0NjBkM2Q0IiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIiwgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjEuOTQuMTY4IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNjJhYTVmODAtMDMyOC00MDA0LWEzNzUtN2Y1YTU5ZGY0MDIyIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTA0LjIxLjk0LjE2OC03NDU5IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICIiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess: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Country = #United_States(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIzOC4xNC4xMDcuMjI1IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiA2NCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogInd3dy4yMzE3OTc1My54eXoiLAogICAgImlkIjogIjQxODA0OGFmLWEyOTMtNGI5OS05YjBjLTk4Y2EzNTgwZGQyNCIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9wYXRoLzE4MTcyMTI3MjExNCIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDM4MDAzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfh7rwn4e4VVMtMzguMTQuMTA3LjIyNS03NDk4IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICIiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjEuMTguMjI3IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiamFoZmtqaGEuY2ZkIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICI5NTBkYjZhYS00OTI2LTQ2MTYtODE2ZS1lYzAzMTJkY2I4N2IiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfj4FSRUxBWS0xMDQuMjEuMTguMjI3LTc1MjAiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsCiAgICAic25pIjogIiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjoiMiIsInBzIjoiRC1GT1gtMjA4OCIsImFkZCI6IjEzOC4xOTcuMS4yMjIiLCJwb3J0IjoiODg4MSIsImlkIjoiZGI1YWZhZTQtYWMyMy00MWE2LTgzNzgtZjMwN2E5YTQ3NDM2IiwiYWlkIjoiMCIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJuZXQiOiJ0Y3AiLCJ0eXBlIjoiaHR0cCIsImhvc3QiOiJtb2kuaXIiLCJwYXRoIjoiLyIsInRscyI6Im5vbmUiLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJhbHBuIjoiIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxODUuMTQ2LjE3My4xNTgiLCJhaWQiOiIwIiwiYWxwbiI6IiIsImZwIjoiIiwiaG9zdCI6ImphaGZramhhLmNmZCIsImlkIjoiOTUwZGI2YWEtNDkyNi00NjE2LTgxNmUtZWMwMzEyZGNiODdiIiwibmV0Ijoid3MiLCJwYXRoIjoiL2xpbmt3cyIsInBvcnQiOiI0NDMiLCJwcyI6Ilvwn4e48J+Hql10Lm1lL0NvbmZpZ3NIdWIiLCJzY3kiOiJhdXRvIiwic25pIjoiamFoZmtqaGEuY2ZkIiwidGxzIjoidGxzIiwidHlwZSI6IiIsInYiOiIyIn0=œü ·¥õ·¥á ú Ä·¥Ä…¥ œü Íú± ú…™ Ä·¥Ä·¥¢ œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü ·¥ã·¥Ä Ä·¥Ä·¥ä œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #s·¥°·¥á·¥Ö·¥á…¥(s·¥á)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiczIuZGItbGluazAyLnRvcCIsICJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJwb3J0IjogODA4MCwgImlkIjogIjRiMzY2MjVjLWI5ZDktM2VhNi1hZWQ1LTg2ZDYyYzcwZTE2ZCIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAidHlwZSI6ICIiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICIxMDAtMTE5LTE1MS0yNDguczIuZGItbGluazAyLnRvcCIsICJwYXRoIjogIi9kYWJhaS5pbjE3Mi42NC40MS4xNTAiLCAidGxzIjogIiJ9Country = #US(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTcyLjk5LjE4OC4xOTAiLCAicG9ydCI6IDQ3OTI1LCAiaWQiOiAiZjU4ZmZkYTItM2VmYy00OWE1LTkwNDctZjhjMmY5M2M1NzVkIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=Country = #The_Netherlands(üá≥üá±)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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Country = #Canada(üá®üá¶)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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Country = #Germany(üá©üá™)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTcwLjExNC40NS41MiIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJhbHBuIjogIiIsICJmcCI6ICIiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJ1c3RvdWNqam5pZDE4c2o2dXMubG92ZWJhaXBpYW8uY29tIiwgImlkIjogIjkxOTliZjc4LTg3NjItNGVjNS05YjdmLTA3Mzk2YjcxZTlkNCIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiMjA4NiIsICJwcyI6ICJcdWQ4M2RcdWRkMTIgVk0tV1MtTkEgXHVkODNjXHVkZGZhXHVkODNjXHVkZGY4IFVTLTE3MC4xMTQuNDUuNTI6MjA4NiIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzbmkiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAidHlwZSI6ICIiLCAidiI6ICIyIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess: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ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMzcuMjcuMTgyLjEwOSIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJob3N0IjogIiIsICJpZCI6ICJiM2E2NDM1Yi1mZWFlLTQxZjQtYTZiOC1jZjNjMDllNTM2ZTEiLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJwYXRoIjogIiIsICJwb3J0IjogMzM3OCwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGQxMiBWTS1UQ1AtTk9ORSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZWJcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZWUgRkktMzcuMjcuMTgyLjEwOTozMzc4IiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiIiwgInYiOiAiMiJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxODguMTE0Ljk3Ljc5IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAibGluZGUwNi5pbmRpYXZpZGVvLnNicyIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiZWRiYjEwNTktMTYzMy00MjcxLWI2NmUtZWQ0ZmJhNDdhMWJmIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTg4LjExNC45Ny43OS03NTE3IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAibGluZGUwNi5pbmRpYXZpZGVvLnNicyIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTA0LjIxLjgyLjE4MyIsICJhaWQiOiAwLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJzZXJ2ZXIyNi5iZWhlc2h0YmFuZWguY29tIiwgImlkIjogIjVhNzAyMWUwLTI2YjQtNDVkNi1iMTc1LWZlNTUxNjAxY2E5NyIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgInBvcnQiOiA4ODgwLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVdTLU5BIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGZmNFx1MjAwZFx1MjYyMFx1ZmUwZiBOQS0xMDQuMjEuODIuMTgzOjg4ODAiLCAidGxzIjogIiIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwgInNuaSI6ICIifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjEuOTQuMTY4IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNjJhYTVmODAtMDMyOC00MDA0LWEzNzUtN2Y1YTU5ZGY0MDIyIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTA0LjIxLjk0LjE2OC03NTUwIiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICIiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess: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 = #The_Netherlands(üá≥üá±)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJ1czAxLnNoLWNsb3VkZmxhcmUuc2JzIiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAidXMwMS5zaC1jbG91ZGZsYXJlLnNicyIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiOTE0NTg0ZWUtMzUxNS00NmFjLWEwOWQtNDY3N2EyZTlkYzlhIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDg0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTEwNC4yMS4zMi4xLTA3NjQiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJ1czAxLnNoLWNsb3VkZmxhcmUuc2JzIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlZVx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmMyBJTi05NC4xMzYuMTg0LjE1NTozOTI1MyIsICJhZGQiOiAiOTQuMTM2LjE4NC4xNTUiLCAicG9ydCI6IDM5MjUzLCAiaWQiOiAiNjliNDlhMzUtY2Y1NS00ZDE0LTlmMmItZDdjZTNhMGRiNzJlIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmYVx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOCBVUy0xNS4yMDQuMjQ4LjkyOjMwNTYyIiwgImFkZCI6ICIxNS4yMDQuMjQ4LjkyIiwgInBvcnQiOiAzMDU2MiwgImlkIjogIjgyNDY2NzE1LTZhNTgtNDA0Ni1hMzYzLWEwZDE4ZTViMmFiNCIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAidXN3dXhpYW4ucGFpNTAyODgudWsiLCAidiI6ICIyIiwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGZlM1x1ZDgzZFx1ZGQyNStcdTA2YTlcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDZcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDQrXHUwNjMzXHUwNjMxXHUwNjQ4XHUwNjMxK1x1MDYzMVx1MDYyN1x1MDZjY1x1MDZhZlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NitARmFyYWhWUE4iLCAicG9ydCI6IDg0NDMsICJpZCI6ICJjMzEzNjA2Zi05OGMyLTRkN2ItYmE3NC00OGI5NGY2MWIxMWQiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAidXN3dXhpYW4ucGFpNTAyODgudWsiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMifQ==Country = #US(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTcyLjk5LjE4OC41NSIsICJwb3J0IjogMTcyODQsICJpZCI6ICJlNGVmZTEyZC05N2MwLTRmZDctYmZkNC0wNjlmZjA0ZThkNDQiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogIm5vbmUifQ==Country = #The_Netherlands(üá≥üá±)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiODguMTk4LjE3Mi4yNSIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJhbHBuIjogIiIsICJmcCI6ICIiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICIiLCAiaWQiOiAiZTdlYjQ3MmUtZGM4My00OWQ1LWJlNWUtODJhNzlhMjEyNGVlIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJncnBjIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiSmJpQjhWNjZWNzhIZjViaXZmc2lzOHZIIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiMTUxNDUiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLUdSUEMtTkEgXHVkODNjXHVkZGU5XHVkODNjXHVkZGVhIERFLTg4LjE5OC4xNzIuMjU6MTUxNDUiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAic25pIjogIiIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiZ3VuIiwgInYiOiAiMiJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMjMuMTYyLjIwMC45MSIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJob3N0IjogIiIsICJpZCI6ICJjYzliNjZiNy0xZGU3LTRhYTktOTY0Mi01NzVhOGFlM2ZmMTkiLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJwYXRoIjogIiIsICJwb3J0IjogIjIwMTgyIiwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGQxMiBWTS1UQ1AtTkEgXHVkODNjXHVkZGU4XHVkODNjXHVkZGU2IENBLTIzLjE2Mi4yMDAuOTE6MjAxODIiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAic25pIjogIiIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiIiwgInYiOiAiMiJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNzIuNjcuMTYxLjc3IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAibGluZGUwNi5pbmRpYXZpZGVvLnNicyIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiZWRiYjEwNTktMTYzMy00MjcxLWI2NmUtZWQ0ZmJhNDdhMWJmIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTcyLjY3LjE2MS43Ny03NTYyIiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAibGluZGUwNi5pbmRpYXZpZGVvLnNicyIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICI2YThlMGNhMi1zdWN2NDAtdDgybzV0LWxidzUuaGsucDVwdi5jb20iLAogICAgImFpZCI6IDIsCiAgICAiaG9zdCI6ICJicm9hZGNhc3Rsdi5jaGF0LmJpbGliaWxpLmNvbSIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiMGU1MTFmNTAtNzkzZi0xMWVhLWI4NzMtZjIzYzkxY2ZiYmM5IiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDgwLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfh63wn4ewSEstMS42NS4yMTguMTI5LTA5MTciLAogICAgInRscyI6ICIiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsCiAgICAic25pIjogIiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJzMi5kYi1saW5rMDEudG9wIiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiMTAwLTEzMC0xMzYtNTAuczIuZGItbGluazAxLnRvcCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNGIzNjYyNWMtYjlkOS0zZWE2LWFlZDUtODZkNjJjNzBlMTZkIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2RhYmFpLmluMTA0LjIxLjEzMy4xMiIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDIwOTUsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTEwNC4xNy4yMTMuMjQxLTA4OTEiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICIiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsCiAgICAic25pIjogIiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJueTEtZGFzaC44OTA2OTkueHl6IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAibnkxLWRhc2guODkwNjk5Lnh5eiIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNjU4Yjg3ZTAtNWQ5Mi00NDI0LWQzNDQtYzE2N2FjZDZhNzdmIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL255MS1zdWIuODkwNjk5Lnh5eiIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDIwOTYsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTEwNC4yMS4zMi4xLTU2OTYiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJueTEtc3ViLjg5MDY5OS54eXoiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiI0Ni4yOS4xNjYuMjM3IiwiYWlkIjoiMCIsImFscG4iOiIiLCJmcCI6IiIsImhvc3QiOiIiLCJpZCI6IjBjNDljZDE5LTI3NTgtNGQzOC1lNmE4LTExZjJkNjYzNTg2MCIsIm5ldCI6InRjcCIsInBhdGgiOiIiLCJwb3J0IjoiNDc1NTUiLCJwcyI6Itiz2LHZiNixINix2KfbjNqv2KfZhiDZvtix2LPYsdi52Krwn4yKIEB2bWVzc19pciIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJ0bHMiOiIiLCJ0eXBlIjoibm9uZSIsInYiOiIyIn0=ŸÖÿÆÿµŸàÿµ ÿß€åÿ±ÿßŸÜÿ≥ŸÑ Ÿà ÿ±ÿß€åÿ™ŸÑ‚úÖÿ≠ÿ™ŸÖÿß ÿ®Ÿá ÿßÿ¥ÿ™ÿ±ÿß⁄© ÿ®ÿ≤ÿßÿ±€åÿØ ‚úÖ@vmess_irüöÄüöÄüí¨üí¨üí¨üì∑üì∑üí¨üì∫üì∫üí¨üòçÿØÿ± ÿµŸàÿ±ÿ™ ÿßÿ™ÿµÿßŸÑ ÿ≠ÿ™ŸÖÿß ÿØÿ± ÿ±€å⁄©ÿ¥ŸÜ Ÿáÿß ÿ¥ÿ±⁄©ÿ™ ⁄©ŸÜ€åÿØüòç
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxMDcuMTQ4LjIwNy4yNDkiLCJhaWQiOiIwIiwiYWxwbiI6IiIsImZwIjoiIiwiaG9zdCI6ImFwcHN2cy5zaG9wIiwiaWQiOiI0MTgwNDhhZi1hMjkzLTRiOTktOWIwYy05OGNhMzU4MGRkMjQiLCJuZXQiOiJ0Y3AiLCJwYXRoIjoiLyIsInBvcnQiOiI0ODcxMiIsInBzIjoiW/Cfh7rwn4e4XXQubWUvQ29uZmlnc0h1YiIsImlkIjoiNDE4MDQ4YWYtYTI5My00Yjk5LTliMGMtOThjYTM1ODBkZDI0IiwibmV0IjoidGNwIiwicGF0aCI6Ii8iLCJwb3J0IjoiNDg3MTIiLCJwcyI6IldpRmktQFYycmF5X0FscGhhLTE0Iiwic2N5IjoiYXV0byIsInNuaSI6IiIsInRscyI6IiIsInR5cGUiOiJub25lIiwidiI6IjIifQ==œü ·¥õ·¥á ú Ä·¥Ä…¥ œü Íú± ú…™ Ä·¥Ä·¥¢ œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü ·¥ã·¥Ä Ä·¥Ä·¥ä œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #·¥ú…¥…™·¥õ·¥á·¥Ös·¥õ·¥Ä·¥õ·¥ás(·¥ús)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxODYuMTkwLjIxNS45MyIsImFpZCI6IjAiLCJhbHBuIjoiIiwiZnAiOiIiLCJob3N0IjoiIiwiaWQiOiIwNDYyMWJhZS1hYjM2LTExZWMtYjkwOS0wMjQyYWMxMjAwMDIiLCJuZXQiOiJ0Y3AiLCJwYXRoIjoiIiwicG9ydCI6IjIyMzI0IiwicHMiOiJb8J+PgV10Lm1lL0NvbmZpZ3NIdWIiLCJzY3kiOiJhdXRvIiwic25pIjoiIiwidGxzIjoiIiwidHlwZSI6Im5vbmUiLCJ2IjoiMiJ9œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #s·¥°…™·¥õ·¥¢·¥á Ä ü·¥Ä…¥·¥Ö(·¥Ñ ú)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIyMy4xNTguNTYuMjEiLCJhaWQiOiIwIiwiYWxwbiI6IiIsImZwIjoiIiwiaG9zdCI6IiIsImlkIjoiNmVlZjM0NDgtYmJjMC00OTMzLTg5NGEtNzJiM2U4Nzg2MTA5IiwibmV0IjoidGNwIiwicGF0aCI6IiIsInBvcnQiOiI0ODk2MSIsInBzIjoiW/Cfh6nwn4eqXXQubWUvQ29uZmlnc0h1YiIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJ0bHMiOiIiLCJ0eXBlIjoibm9uZSIsInYiOiIyIn0=œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #…¢·¥á Ä·¥ç·¥Ä…¥ è(·¥Ö·¥á)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiNTEuNzkuMTAyLjI1MyIsICJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJwb3J0IjogODAsICJpZCI6ICI1OGZlMTU0Mi01MjkwLTQwYWQtODE1YS03NzcwN2E4MWFmZTUiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiL0lPZWJoTE1obDFDVGJGSGJMOTVteWZSWDIiLCAidGxzIjogIiJ9Country = #Canada(üá®üá¶)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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Country = #Germany(üá©üá™)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAidXN3dXhpYW4ucGFpNTAyODgudWsiLCAidiI6ICIyIiwgInBvcnQiOiA4NDQzLCAiaWQiOiAiYzMxMzYwNmYtOThjMi00ZDdiLWJhNzQtNDhiOTRmNjFiMTFkIiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsICJ0eXBlIjogIiIsICJob3N0IjogInVzd3V4aWFuLnBhaTUwMjg4LnVrIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGZlM1x1ZDgzZFx1ZGQyNStcdTA2YTlcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDZcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDQrXHUwNjMzXHUwNjMxXHUwNjQ4XHUwNjMxK1x1MDYzMVx1MDYyN1x1MDZjY1x1MDZhZlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NitARmFyYWhWUE4ifQ==Country = #US(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYlx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmNyBGUi0zOC4xMDkuMjI4LjIxNDoxNDg1NCIsICJhZGQiOiAiMzguMTA5LjIyOC4yMTQiLCAicG9ydCI6IDE0ODU0LCAiaWQiOiAiZjBhMjE0YmEtMmE0Zi00ZjIyLWIzNDItMDMxMjM3MjZhYjI3IiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxODguMTE0Ljk5LjE4MyIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogImxpbmRlMDYuaW5kaWF2aWRlby5zYnMiLAogICAgImlkIjogImVkYmIxMDU5LTE2MzMtNDI3MS1iNjZlLWVkNGZiYTQ3YTFiZiIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rd3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTE4OC4xMTQuOTkuMTgzLTc1NDMiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJsaW5kZTA2LmluZGlhdmlkZW8uc2JzIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJmazItYmFzaC44OTA2MTcueHl6IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiZmsyLWJhc2guODkwNjE3Lnh5eiIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiZmVkZGMzMjYtZGE3MC00ZmFiLTk1YTktOGY5OGJlNmRhNjMzIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2ZrMi0xIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogMjA4NywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTcyLjY3LjE1OS41Ni01NjI0IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiZmsyLWJhc2guODkwNjE3Lnh5eiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICI1MS43Ny4yMC4xMzciLAogICAgImFpZCI6IDAsCiAgICAiaG9zdCI6ICJ0aWxlYmFuaS5jb20iLAogICAgImlkIjogIjAzZmNjNjE4LWI5M2QtNjc5Ni02YWVkLThhMzhjOTc1ZDU4MSIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rdndzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfh6vwn4e3RlItNTEuNzcuMjAuMTM3LTc1NzkiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsCiAgICAic25pIjogIiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxMDQuMTkuMTUwLjEwIiwiYWlkIjoiMCIsImFscG4iOiIiLCJmcCI6IiIsImhvc3QiOiJtY2kubXRuLmlyLmNvbS5vcmcubmV0Lm9tMi5tdXNpY2ZhMTIzLmlyLiIsImlkIjoiOTRmMzMyYjAtYzVkMy00NTMxLWExZDYtNmU2MzU4Y2M2YzcyIiwibmV0IjoiaHR0cHVwZ3JhZGUiLCJwYXRoIjoiL2QzZDNMbWx5WVc1b2IzTjBMbU52YlFcdTAwM2RcdTAwM2Q/ZWRcdTAwM2QyNTYwIiwicG9ydCI6IjIwOTUiLCJwcyI6Itqp2KfZhtmB24zaryDZvtix2LPYsdi52Kog2LHYp9uM2q/Yp9mG8J+Mi0B2bWVzYyIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJ0bHMiOiIiLCJ0eXBlIjoiLS0tIiwidiI6IjIifQ==‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚ù• MtnFree serviceüëáüëáüëáüëáüëá‚úÖ @vmesc
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxNDYuMTkuMTY4LjE2MSIsImFpZCI6IjAiLCJhbHBuIjoiIiwiZnAiOiJjaHJvbWUiLCJob3N0IjoiYXowNS5iZXlvbmR5LmNmZCIsImlkIjoiM2Y2MzhmMzQtOGRiYS00MTg2LWJjNDMtMjcxNmE3ZGRkNGJlIiwibmV0Ijoid3MiLCJwYXRoIjoiL2xpbmsiLCJwb3J0IjoiNDQzIiwicHMiOiJb8J+Hq/Cfh7dddC5tZS9Db25maWdzSHViIiwic2N5IjoiYXV0byIsInNuaSI6ImF6MDUuYmV5b25keS5jZmQiLCJ0bHMiOiJ0bHMiLCJ0eXBlIjoiIiwidiI6IjIifQ==œü ·¥õ·¥á ú Ä·¥Ä…¥ œü Íú± ú…™ Ä·¥Ä·¥¢ œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü ·¥ã·¥Ä Ä·¥Ä·¥ä œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #“ì Ä·¥Ä…¥·¥Ñ·¥á(“ì Ä)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess: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Country = #China(üá®üá≥)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiNjcuMjIwLjk0LjEzNyIsICJwb3J0IjogNTcxMjMsICJpZCI6ICJiNGQzYTgxYi1lYzBlLTRhMjctYTM1OS02ZGVhMGM0ZjFmNzUiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogIm5vbmUifQ==Country = #Canada(üá®üá¶)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlOVx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYSBERS0xOTMuMTA4LjExOC4xMzY6MTU3MTMiLCAiYWRkIjogIjE5My4xMDguMTE4LjEzNiIsICJwb3J0IjogMTU3MTMsICJpZCI6ICJmNzRlMjc3ZS04NGIzLTQ2YTItOGFiZC0yNzc3ZmE1ZTRhZjkiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogIm5vbmUifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMzQuMTk1LjE5OC4xNDciLAogICAgImFpZCI6IDAsCiAgICAiaG9zdCI6ICJpbm5hLmNmZCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiMDNmY2M2MTgtYjkzZC02Nzk2LTZhZWQtOGEzOGM5NzVkNTgxIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt2d3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+HqPCfh6ZDQS0xMzQuMTk1LjE5OC4xNDctNzUyOCIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNzIuNjcuMTg5LjI3IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAibnkyLXN1Yi45MzAucHAudWEiLAogICAgImlkIjogImYwODJlZWNhLWUwNjgtNDVmOS1kMWJmLTQ2ZTlkZTliZGY1NyIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9ueTItc3ViLjkzMC5wcC51YSIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDIwNTMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTE3Mi42Ny4xODkuMjctMDgxMiIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogZmFsc2UsCiAgICAic25pIjogIm55Mi1zdWIuOTMwLnBwLnVhIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxNzIuNjcuMTcwLjEwMyIsImFpZCI6IjAiLCJhbHBuIjoiaDMiLCJmcCI6ImNocm9tZSIsImhvc3QiOiJnbHdlaWRmLnNicyIsImlkIjoiNzYyMjFiZmItZTkyZi00ZTgwLTgxYzUtNmZlNDhmNTBhYzBiIiwibmV0Ijoid3MiLCJwYXRoIjoiL2xpbmt3cyIsInBvcnQiOiI0NDMiLCJwcyI6Ilvwn4eo8J+Hpl10Lm1lL0NvbmZpZ3NIdWIiLCJzY3kiOiJhdXRvIiwic25pIjoiZ2x3ZWlkZi5zYnMiLCJ0bHMiOiJ0bHMiLCJ0eXBlIjoiIiwidiI6IjIifQ==œü ·¥õ·¥á ú Ä·¥Ä…¥ œü Íú± ú…™ Ä·¥Ä·¥¢ œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü ·¥ã·¥Ä Ä·¥Ä·¥ä œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #·¥Ñ·¥Ä…¥·¥Ä·¥Ö·¥Ä(·¥Ñ·¥Ä)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTIwLjE5OC43MS4yMTQiLCAicG9ydCI6ICIzNDA5MyIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAiaWQiOiAiNDE4MDQ4YWYtYTI5My00Yjk5LTliMGMtOThjYTM1ODBkZDI0IiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICIifQ==Country = #China(üá®üá≥)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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 = #Canada(üá®üá¶)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiNDYuMjUwLjI1My4yMzQiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAiYWxwbiI6ICIiLCAiZnAiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjc2MmIzOTIzLTU4ODUtNGM1Zi04ODZmLWU2Mjc4ODUxMjMzOCIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiMjg4NzIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzbmkiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAidHlwZSI6ICIiLCAidiI6ICIyIn0=Country = #Japan(üáØüáµ)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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 = #Canada(üá®üá¶)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjYuMC45NSIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogIm9iZGlpLmNmZCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiMDU2NDFjZjUtNThkMi00YmE0LWE5ZjEtYjNjZGEwYjFmYjFkIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTA0LjI2LjAuOTUtNzQ3MCIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogZmFsc2UsCiAgICAic25pIjogIm9iZGlpLmNmZCIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMzEuMTI5LjEwNS4yMzkiLCAiYWlkIjogMCwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjc5M2UwM2NjLTJiMDgtNGQxYi1iYjBiLTU5MjU2N2QxOTA0MyIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgInBvcnQiOiAxNjIzMSwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGQxMiBWTS1XUy1OQSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZjdcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZmEgUlUtMzEuMTI5LjEwNS4yMzk6MTYyMzEiLCAidGxzIjogIiIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwgInNuaSI6ICIifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OQSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZWZcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZjUgSlAtMTMuMjMwLjIzNS4yNDc6NDg4ODkiLCAiYWRkIjogIjEzLjIzMC4yMzUuMjQ3IiwgInBvcnQiOiAiNDg4ODkiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgImlkIjogImMxMzBjYjM2LWM5M2YtNGJlNy05MjI4LWE3YTk3ZDQzODg1YSIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsICJob3N0IjogImd5LnlvdWFyZW15Z29kLnRvcCIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlNiBDQS0yMy4xNjIuMjAwLjkxOjIwMTgyIiwgImFkZCI6ICIyMy4xNjIuMjAwLjkxIiwgInBvcnQiOiAyMDE4MiwgImlkIjogImNjOWI2NmI3LTFkZTctNGFhOS05NjQyLTU3NWE4YWUzZmYxOSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNzIuNjcuMTUzLjE1NiIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogInVzd3V4aWFuLnBhaTUwMjg4LnVrIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICJjMzEzNjA2Zi05OGMyLTRkN2ItYmE3NC00OGI5NGY2MWIxMWQiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogODQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTcyLjY3LjE1My4xNTYtMDMwNyIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmYVx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOCBVUy01MS44MS4yMDMuNTc6Mjg4NjAiLCAiYWRkIjogIjUxLjgxLjIwMy41NyIsICJwb3J0IjogMjg4NjAsICJpZCI6ICIxNzg0NDk3ZC0wM2ExLTQwYmItYmI4Yi1kZTRmZmFjN2M1OWMiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogIm5vbmUifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjEuOTQuMTY4IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNjJhYTVmODAtMDMyOC00MDA0LWEzNzUtN2Y1YTU5ZGY0MDIyIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTA0LjIxLjk0LjE2OC03NDQ4IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICIiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYyBTRy02Mi4xNDYuMjMzLjExMjozNjcxMiIsICJhZGQiOiAiNjIuMTQ2LjIzMy4xMTIiLCAicG9ydCI6IDM2NzEyLCAiaWQiOiAiOTI2NmRmNDItMDgzMC00OGMyLTg1MDktNGM1N2IzMGZlMjlkIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNzIuNjcuNzEuMTYwIiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAib2JkaWkuY2ZkIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICIwNTY0MWNmNS01OGQyLTRiYTQtYTlmMS1iM2NkYTBiMWZiMWQiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfj4FSRUxBWS0xNzIuNjcuNzEuMTYwLTc0NzkiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJvYmRpaS5jZmQiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMzguMTQuMTA3LjIyNSIsICJwb3J0IjogMzgwMDMsICJhaWQiOiA2NCwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogInRscyIsICJpZCI6ICI0MTgwNDhhZi1hMjkzLTRiOTktOWIwYy05OGNhMzU4MGRkMjQiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJ3d3cuMjMxNzk3NTMueHl6IiwgInBhdGgiOiAiL3BhdGgvMTgxNzIxMjcyMTE0In0=Country = #United_States(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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 = #France(üá´üá∑)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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 = #France(üá´üá∑)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTU0LjgzLjIuOTAiLCAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywgImFpZCI6IDAsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLCAiaWQiOiAiOTUwZGI2YWEtNDkyNi00NjE2LTgxNmUtZWMwMzEyZGNiODdiIiwgInNuaSI6ICJqYWhma2poYS5jZmQiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJqYWhma2poYS5jZmQiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIn0=Country = #Seychelles(üá∏üá®)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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Country = #France(üá´üá∑)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNzIuNjcuMTMxLjE3IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNjJhYTVmODAtMDMyOC00MDA0LWEzNzUtN2Y1YTU5ZGY0MDIyIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTcyLjY3LjEzMS4xNy03NDM2IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlY1x1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlNyBHQi0xNDkuNy4xNi4xNDk6MzcxMDEiLCAiYWRkIjogIjE0OS43LjE2LjE0OSIsICJwb3J0IjogMzcxMDEsICJpZCI6ICJmYjNmYzI0My00Njk4LTQ5YzQtOGM0NC0wNDE1ZjY4YTRkMjUiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogIm5vbmUifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMTcuMjEzLjU3IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAieG1pdmlkZW8uY2ZkIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICI5M2VhNDg2YS1iYWRhLTQyYTQtYWMzOC1kMDg4YjMyMGZhMWUiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfj4FSRUxBWS0xMDQuMTcuMjEzLjU3LTc0NDMiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJ4bWl2aWRlby5jZmQiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlNiBDQS02Ny4yMjAuOTQuMTM3OjU3MTIzIiwgImFkZCI6ICI2Ny4yMjAuOTQuMTM3IiwgInBvcnQiOiA1NzEyMywgImlkIjogImI0ZDNhODFiLWVjMGUtNGEyNy1hMzU5LTZkZWEwYzRmMWY3NSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmM1x1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmMSBOTC0xODUuMjIxLjIxOS4yMDo0Nzg1NiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTg1LjIyMS4yMTkuMjAiLCAicG9ydCI6IDQ3ODU2LCAiaWQiOiAiMDY1MDE2MTQtMmNkZS00NTg5LWI3NWYtOGRmODk1ZTY1YjNjIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIyMy4xNTguNTYuMTg0IiwiYWlkIjoiMCIsImFscG4iOiIiLCJmcCI6IiIsImhvc3QiOiIiLCJpZCI6IjA0NjIxYmFlLWFiMzYtMTFlYy1iOTA5LTAyNDJhYzEyMDAwMiIsIm5ldCI6InRjcCIsInBhdGgiOiIiLCJwb3J0IjoiMjIzMjQiLCJwcyI6Itqp2KfZhtmB24zaryDZvtix2LPYsdi52Kog2LHYp9uM2q/Yp9mG8J+Mi0B2bWVzYyIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJ0bHMiOiIiLCJ0eXBlIjoibm9uZSIsInYiOiIyIn0=‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚ù• MciFree serviceüëáüëáüëáüëáüëá‚úÖ @vmesc
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTY5LjE1MC4yMDguODMiLCAicG9ydCI6IDE4MDAwLCAiYWlkIjogMCwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAiaWQiOiAiZjhjOGRjM2QtMGQzNy00NmIwLThiMzQtYTcyMzI4ODJmY2ZlIn0=Country = #Sweden(üá∏üá™)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTQ5LjcuMTYuMTQ5IiwgInBvcnQiOiAzNzEwMSwgImlkIjogImZiM2ZjMjQzLTQ2OTgtNDljNC04YzQ0LTA0MTVmNjhhNGQyNSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9Country = #United_Kingdom(üá¨üáß)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiNTcuMTI5LjI0LjE0MSIsICJwb3J0IjogIjQ0MyIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAiaWQiOiAiMDNmY2M2MTgtYjkzZC02Nzk2LTZhZWQtOGEzOGM5NzVkNTgxIiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rdndzIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMifQ==Country = #Germany(üá©üá™)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAidXMydm1lc3Mucm5tY25tLmNvbSIsICJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJwb3J0IjogODAsICJpZCI6ICI3ZjhhMWJiOS1iZWUwLTQwYTgtZjkwOC0yMWE2NWRhMGYzY2MiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLzEyM3F3ZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIn0=Country = #US(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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 = #Germany(üá©üá™)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJQYXJzVmRzLmlyIiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiZ2x3ZWlkZi5zYnMiLAogICAgImlkIjogIjc2MjIxYmZiLWU5MmYtNGU4MC04MWM1LTZmZTQ4ZjUwYWMwYiIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rd3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTEwNC4yMS45NC4xNjgtMTEzOSIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTA0LjIxLjE2LjEiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAiYWxwbiI6ICIiLCAiZnAiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjdmOGExYmI5LWJlZTAtNDBhOC1mOTA4LTIxYTY1ZGEwZjNjYyIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvMTIzcXdlIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiODAiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVdTLU5BIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGZmNFx1MjAwZFx1MjYyMFx1ZmUwZiBOQS0xMDQuMjEuMTYuMTo4MCIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzbmkiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAidHlwZSI6ICItLS0iLCAidiI6ICIyIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIyMy4xNjIuMjAwLjIyNyIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogIiIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiMDNmY2M2MTgtYjkzZC02Nzk2LTZhZWQtOGEzOGM5NzVkNTgxIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt2d3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+HqPCfh6ZDQS0yMy4xNjIuMjAwLjIyNy03NDQ3IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICIiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxODguMTE0Ljk3Ljc5IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAibGluZGUwNi5pbmRpYXZpZGVvLnNicyIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiZWRiYjEwNTktMTYzMy00MjcxLWI2NmUtZWQ0ZmJhNDdhMWJmIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTg4LjExNC45Ny43OS03NDQwIiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAibGluZGUwNi5pbmRpYXZpZGVvLnNicyIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTA0LjIxLjk2LjEiLCAiYWlkIjogMCwgImhvc3QiOiAiZGUwMS5zaC1jbG91ZGZsYXJlLnNicyIsICJpZCI6ICI3NWEwODg1Zi0wY2E1LTQyYTQtODY1MS0zOTFjZjgxOTMxNTQiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsICJwb3J0IjogMjA5NiwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGQxMiBWTS1XUy1UTFMgXHVkODNjXHVkZmY0XHUyMDBkXHUyNjIwXHVmZTBmIE5BLTEwNC4yMS45Ni4xOjIwOTYiLCAidGxzIjogInRscyIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwgInNuaSI6ICJkZTAxLnNoLWNsb3VkZmxhcmUuc2JzIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjoiMiIsInBzIjoiRC1GQUlUSC02MjI3IiwiYWRkIjoiMTY3LjcxLjI1MC4xMTUiLCJwb3J0IjoiODg4MSIsImlkIjoiZGI1YWZhZTQtYWMyMy00MWE2LTgzNzgtZjMwN2E5YTQ3NDM2IiwiYWlkIjoiMCIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJuZXQiOiJ0Y3AiLCJ0eXBlIjoiaHR0cCIsImhvc3QiOiJtb2kuaXIiLCJwYXRoIjoiLyIsInRscyI6Im5vbmUiLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJhbHBuIjoiIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess: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 = #Moldova(üá≤üá©)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYyBTRy0xNTQuMjYuMTM3LjQyOjQ0MTA0IiwgImFkZCI6ICIxNTQuMjYuMTM3LjQyIiwgInBvcnQiOiA0NDEwNCwgImlkIjogImU5OTMzYTRjLWU1NmUtNDU4Yy1iY2Y0LTljYjM4NzViYmE1NSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmM1x1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmMSBOTC0xNzIuOTkuMTg4LjE5MDo0NzkyNSIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTcyLjk5LjE4OC4xOTAiLCAicG9ydCI6IDQ3OTI1LCAiaWQiOiAiZjU4ZmZkYTItM2VmYy00OWE1LTkwNDctZjhjMmY5M2M1NzVkIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYlx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmNyBGUi0zOC4xMDkuMjI4LjE2MzoyNzA2MCIsICJhZGQiOiAiMzguMTA5LjIyOC4xNjMiLCAicG9ydCI6IDI3MDYwLCAiaWQiOiAiNzFkYTQwYjktYzIwZS00YTZlLTgwY2ItYzgxNDFmNjkzNTI2IiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNTIuNjcuMjUxLjIzMiIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogImlydmlkZW8uY2ZkIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICJlNTM3ZjJmNS0yYTBjLTRmNTktOTJjOS04MzJjYTY0MzNiZjMiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfh7rwn4e4VVMtMTUyLjY3LjI1MS4yMzItNzQzNSIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogZmFsc2UsCiAgICAic25pIjogImlydmlkZW8uY2ZkIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiJhbGlwLmNvbSIsImFpZCI6IjAiLCJhbHBuIjoiIiwiZnAiOiIiLCJob3N0IjoiIiwiaWQiOiJiNGMxZGQ2Mi1mMGRkLTRhNmYtOGU4NS1lNDI5M2EzMzgxODciLCJuZXQiOiJ0Y3AiLCJwYXRoIjoiIiwicG9ydCI6Ijg2NDMiLCJwcyI6Ilvwn4+BXXQubWUvQ29uZmlnc0h1YiIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJ0bHMiOiIiLCJ0eXBlIjoibm9uZSIsInYiOiIyIn0=œü ·¥õ·¥á ú Ä·¥Ä…¥ œü Íú± ú…™ Ä·¥Ä·¥¢ œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü ·¥ã·¥Ä Ä·¥Ä·¥ä œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: # ô Ä…™·¥õ…™s ú·¥†…™ Ä…¢…™…¥…™s ü·¥Ä…¥·¥Ös(·¥†…¢)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiNjUuMTA5LjE5Mi4yNDQiLCAicG9ydCI6IDI5ODc4LCAiaWQiOiAiNDJjZjZhMmEtZmM1Yy00MjJjLTg4YzQtYzJjZTE3MmEyMWE2IiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=Country = #Finland(üá´üáÆ)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiNDYuMjkuMTY2LjIzNyIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJhbHBuIjogIiIsICJmcCI6ICIiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICIiLCAiaWQiOiAiMGM0OWNkMTktMjc1OC00ZDM4LWU2YTgtMTFmMmQ2NjM1ODYwIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIiLCAicG9ydCI6ICI0NzU1NSIsICJwcyI6ICJcdWQ4M2RcdWRmZTNcdWQ4M2RcdWRkMjUrXHUwNmE5XHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2XHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ0K1x1MDYzM1x1MDYzMVx1MDY0OFx1MDYzMStcdTA2MzFcdTA2MjdcdTA2Y2NcdTA2YWZcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDYrQEZhcmFoVlBOIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNuaSI6ICIiLCAidGxzIjogIiIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidiI6ICIyIn0=Country = #Russia(üá∑üá∫)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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Country = #Poland(üáµüá±)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAicHEtYnJhemlsMS4wOXZwbi5jb20iLCAicG9ydCI6ICI4MCIsICJpZCI6ICJjMDRjM2IzNC03MGZkLTRmZWMtOTYzZS1jMTJkMDlmMzZiZWYiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgImhvc3QiOiAicHEtYnJhemlsMS4wOXZwbi5jb20iLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvdm1lc3MvIn0=Country = #Brazil(üáßüá∑)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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Country = #Spain(üá™üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiNjUuMTA5LjE5Mi4yNDQiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAiYWxwbiI6ICIiLCAiZnAiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjg3MGFhZGZmLTNlYWMtNGQ5Zi1hMjFhLWMxYTAxNjY0YThjOCIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiNTI2MzUiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzbmkiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ2IjogIjIifQ==Country = #Finland(üá´üáÆ)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxODguMTE0Ljk5LjE4MyIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogImxpbmRlMDYuaW5kaWF2aWRlby5zYnMiLAogICAgImlkIjogImVkYmIxMDU5LTE2MzMtNDI3MS1iNjZlLWVkNGZiYTQ3YTFiZiIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rd3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTE4OC4xMTQuOTkuMTgzLTc0MjAiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJsaW5kZTA2LmluZGlhdmlkZW8uc2JzIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYyBTRy02Mi4xNDYuMjMyLjE1Nzo1Mjg1NiIsICJhZGQiOiAiNjIuMTQ2LjIzMi4xNTciLCAicG9ydCI6IDUyODU2LCAiaWQiOiAiZWQ1NGUzODgtYmZjNS00YjM2LWFlNGQtOGIzY2Q0NjBkM2Q0IiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIiwgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjEuOTQuMTY4IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNjJhYTVmODAtMDMyOC00MDA0LWEzNzUtN2Y1YTU5ZGY0MDIyIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTA0LjIxLjk0LjE2OC03NDU5IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICIiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess: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Country = #United_States(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIzOC4xNC4xMDcuMjI1IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiA2NCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogInd3dy4yMzE3OTc1My54eXoiLAogICAgImlkIjogIjQxODA0OGFmLWEyOTMtNGI5OS05YjBjLTk4Y2EzNTgwZGQyNCIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9wYXRoLzE4MTcyMTI3MjExNCIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDM4MDAzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfh7rwn4e4VVMtMzguMTQuMTA3LjIyNS03NDk4IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICIiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjEuMTguMjI3IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiamFoZmtqaGEuY2ZkIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICI5NTBkYjZhYS00OTI2LTQ2MTYtODE2ZS1lYzAzMTJkY2I4N2IiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfj4FSRUxBWS0xMDQuMjEuMTguMjI3LTc1MjAiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsCiAgICAic25pIjogIiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjoiMiIsInBzIjoiRC1GT1gtMjA4OCIsImFkZCI6IjEzOC4xOTcuMS4yMjIiLCJwb3J0IjoiODg4MSIsImlkIjoiZGI1YWZhZTQtYWMyMy00MWE2LTgzNzgtZjMwN2E5YTQ3NDM2IiwiYWlkIjoiMCIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJuZXQiOiJ0Y3AiLCJ0eXBlIjoiaHR0cCIsImhvc3QiOiJtb2kuaXIiLCJwYXRoIjoiLyIsInRscyI6Im5vbmUiLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJhbHBuIjoiIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxODUuMTQ2LjE3My4xNTgiLCJhaWQiOiIwIiwiYWxwbiI6IiIsImZwIjoiIiwiaG9zdCI6ImphaGZramhhLmNmZCIsImlkIjoiOTUwZGI2YWEtNDkyNi00NjE2LTgxNmUtZWMwMzEyZGNiODdiIiwibmV0Ijoid3MiLCJwYXRoIjoiL2xpbmt3cyIsInBvcnQiOiI0NDMiLCJwcyI6Ilvwn4e48J+Hql10Lm1lL0NvbmZpZ3NIdWIiLCJzY3kiOiJhdXRvIiwic25pIjoiamFoZmtqaGEuY2ZkIiwidGxzIjoidGxzIiwidHlwZSI6IiIsInYiOiIyIn0=œü ·¥õ·¥á ú Ä·¥Ä…¥ œü Íú± ú…™ Ä·¥Ä·¥¢ œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü ·¥ã·¥Ä Ä·¥Ä·¥ä œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #s·¥°·¥á·¥Ö·¥á…¥(s·¥á)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiczIuZGItbGluazAyLnRvcCIsICJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJwb3J0IjogODA4MCwgImlkIjogIjRiMzY2MjVjLWI5ZDktM2VhNi1hZWQ1LTg2ZDYyYzcwZTE2ZCIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAidHlwZSI6ICIiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICIxMDAtMTE5LTE1MS0yNDguczIuZGItbGluazAyLnRvcCIsICJwYXRoIjogIi9kYWJhaS5pbjE3Mi42NC40MS4xNTAiLCAidGxzIjogIiJ9Country = #US(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTcyLjk5LjE4OC4xOTAiLCAicG9ydCI6IDQ3OTI1LCAiaWQiOiAiZjU4ZmZkYTItM2VmYy00OWE1LTkwNDctZjhjMmY5M2M1NzVkIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=Country = #The_Netherlands(üá≥üá±)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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Country = #Canada(üá®üá¶)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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Country = #Germany(üá©üá™)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTcwLjExNC40NS41MiIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJhbHBuIjogIiIsICJmcCI6ICIiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJ1c3RvdWNqam5pZDE4c2o2dXMubG92ZWJhaXBpYW8uY29tIiwgImlkIjogIjkxOTliZjc4LTg3NjItNGVjNS05YjdmLTA3Mzk2YjcxZTlkNCIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiMjA4NiIsICJwcyI6ICJcdWQ4M2RcdWRkMTIgVk0tV1MtTkEgXHVkODNjXHVkZGZhXHVkODNjXHVkZGY4IFVTLTE3MC4xMTQuNDUuNTI6MjA4NiIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzbmkiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAidHlwZSI6ICIiLCAidiI6ICIyIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess: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ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMzcuMjcuMTgyLjEwOSIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJob3N0IjogIiIsICJpZCI6ICJiM2E2NDM1Yi1mZWFlLTQxZjQtYTZiOC1jZjNjMDllNTM2ZTEiLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJwYXRoIjogIiIsICJwb3J0IjogMzM3OCwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGQxMiBWTS1UQ1AtTk9ORSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZWJcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZWUgRkktMzcuMjcuMTgyLjEwOTozMzc4IiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiIiwgInYiOiAiMiJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxODguMTE0Ljk3Ljc5IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAibGluZGUwNi5pbmRpYXZpZGVvLnNicyIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiZWRiYjEwNTktMTYzMy00MjcxLWI2NmUtZWQ0ZmJhNDdhMWJmIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTg4LjExNC45Ny43OS03NTE3IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAibGluZGUwNi5pbmRpYXZpZGVvLnNicyIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTA0LjIxLjgyLjE4MyIsICJhaWQiOiAwLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJzZXJ2ZXIyNi5iZWhlc2h0YmFuZWguY29tIiwgImlkIjogIjVhNzAyMWUwLTI2YjQtNDVkNi1iMTc1LWZlNTUxNjAxY2E5NyIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgInBvcnQiOiA4ODgwLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVdTLU5BIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGZmNFx1MjAwZFx1MjYyMFx1ZmUwZiBOQS0xMDQuMjEuODIuMTgzOjg4ODAiLCAidGxzIjogIiIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwgInNuaSI6ICIifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjEuOTQuMTY4IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNjJhYTVmODAtMDMyOC00MDA0LWEzNzUtN2Y1YTU5ZGY0MDIyIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTA0LjIxLjk0LjE2OC03NTUwIiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICIiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess: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 = #The_Netherlands(üá≥üá±)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJ1czAxLnNoLWNsb3VkZmxhcmUuc2JzIiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAidXMwMS5zaC1jbG91ZGZsYXJlLnNicyIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiOTE0NTg0ZWUtMzUxNS00NmFjLWEwOWQtNDY3N2EyZTlkYzlhIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDg0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTEwNC4yMS4zMi4xLTA3NjQiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJ1czAxLnNoLWNsb3VkZmxhcmUuc2JzIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlZVx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmMyBJTi05NC4xMzYuMTg0LjE1NTozOTI1MyIsICJhZGQiOiAiOTQuMTM2LjE4NC4xNTUiLCAicG9ydCI6IDM5MjUzLCAiaWQiOiAiNjliNDlhMzUtY2Y1NS00ZDE0LTlmMmItZDdjZTNhMGRiNzJlIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmYVx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOCBVUy0xNS4yMDQuMjQ4LjkyOjMwNTYyIiwgImFkZCI6ICIxNS4yMDQuMjQ4LjkyIiwgInBvcnQiOiAzMDU2MiwgImlkIjogIjgyNDY2NzE1LTZhNTgtNDA0Ni1hMzYzLWEwZDE4ZTViMmFiNCIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAidXN3dXhpYW4ucGFpNTAyODgudWsiLCAidiI6ICIyIiwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGZlM1x1ZDgzZFx1ZGQyNStcdTA2YTlcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDZcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDQrXHUwNjMzXHUwNjMxXHUwNjQ4XHUwNjMxK1x1MDYzMVx1MDYyN1x1MDZjY1x1MDZhZlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NitARmFyYWhWUE4iLCAicG9ydCI6IDg0NDMsICJpZCI6ICJjMzEzNjA2Zi05OGMyLTRkN2ItYmE3NC00OGI5NGY2MWIxMWQiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAidXN3dXhpYW4ucGFpNTAyODgudWsiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMifQ==Country = #US(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTcyLjk5LjE4OC41NSIsICJwb3J0IjogMTcyODQsICJpZCI6ICJlNGVmZTEyZC05N2MwLTRmZDctYmZkNC0wNjlmZjA0ZThkNDQiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogIm5vbmUifQ==Country = #The_Netherlands(üá≥üá±)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiODguMTk4LjE3Mi4yNSIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJhbHBuIjogIiIsICJmcCI6ICIiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICIiLCAiaWQiOiAiZTdlYjQ3MmUtZGM4My00OWQ1LWJlNWUtODJhNzlhMjEyNGVlIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJncnBjIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiSmJpQjhWNjZWNzhIZjViaXZmc2lzOHZIIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiMTUxNDUiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLUdSUEMtTkEgXHVkODNjXHVkZGU5XHVkODNjXHVkZGVhIERFLTg4LjE5OC4xNzIuMjU6MTUxNDUiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAic25pIjogIiIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiZ3VuIiwgInYiOiAiMiJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMjMuMTYyLjIwMC45MSIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJob3N0IjogIiIsICJpZCI6ICJjYzliNjZiNy0xZGU3LTRhYTktOTY0Mi01NzVhOGFlM2ZmMTkiLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJwYXRoIjogIiIsICJwb3J0IjogIjIwMTgyIiwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGQxMiBWTS1UQ1AtTkEgXHVkODNjXHVkZGU4XHVkODNjXHVkZGU2IENBLTIzLjE2Mi4yMDAuOTE6MjAxODIiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAic25pIjogIiIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiIiwgInYiOiAiMiJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNzIuNjcuMTYxLjc3IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAibGluZGUwNi5pbmRpYXZpZGVvLnNicyIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiZWRiYjEwNTktMTYzMy00MjcxLWI2NmUtZWQ0ZmJhNDdhMWJmIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTcyLjY3LjE2MS43Ny03NTYyIiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAibGluZGUwNi5pbmRpYXZpZGVvLnNicyIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICI2YThlMGNhMi1zdWN2NDAtdDgybzV0LWxidzUuaGsucDVwdi5jb20iLAogICAgImFpZCI6IDIsCiAgICAiaG9zdCI6ICJicm9hZGNhc3Rsdi5jaGF0LmJpbGliaWxpLmNvbSIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiMGU1MTFmNTAtNzkzZi0xMWVhLWI4NzMtZjIzYzkxY2ZiYmM5IiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDgwLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfh63wn4ewSEstMS42NS4yMTguMTI5LTA5MTciLAogICAgInRscyI6ICIiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsCiAgICAic25pIjogIiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJzMi5kYi1saW5rMDEudG9wIiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiMTAwLTEzMC0xMzYtNTAuczIuZGItbGluazAxLnRvcCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNGIzNjYyNWMtYjlkOS0zZWE2LWFlZDUtODZkNjJjNzBlMTZkIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2RhYmFpLmluMTA0LjIxLjEzMy4xMiIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDIwOTUsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTEwNC4xNy4yMTMuMjQxLTA4OTEiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICIiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsCiAgICAic25pIjogIiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJueTEtZGFzaC44OTA2OTkueHl6IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAibnkxLWRhc2guODkwNjk5Lnh5eiIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNjU4Yjg3ZTAtNWQ5Mi00NDI0LWQzNDQtYzE2N2FjZDZhNzdmIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL255MS1zdWIuODkwNjk5Lnh5eiIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDIwOTYsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTEwNC4yMS4zMi4xLTU2OTYiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJueTEtc3ViLjg5MDY5OS54eXoiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiI0Ni4yOS4xNjYuMjM3IiwiYWlkIjoiMCIsImFscG4iOiIiLCJmcCI6IiIsImhvc3QiOiIiLCJpZCI6IjBjNDljZDE5LTI3NTgtNGQzOC1lNmE4LTExZjJkNjYzNTg2MCIsIm5ldCI6InRjcCIsInBhdGgiOiIiLCJwb3J0IjoiNDc1NTUiLCJwcyI6Itiz2LHZiNixINix2KfbjNqv2KfZhiDZvtix2LPYsdi52Krwn4yKIEB2bWVzc19pciIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJ0bHMiOiIiLCJ0eXBlIjoibm9uZSIsInYiOiIyIn0=ŸÖÿÆÿµŸàÿµ ÿß€åÿ±ÿßŸÜÿ≥ŸÑ Ÿà ÿ±ÿß€åÿ™ŸÑ‚úÖÿ≠ÿ™ŸÖÿß ÿ®Ÿá ÿßÿ¥ÿ™ÿ±ÿß⁄© ÿ®ÿ≤ÿßÿ±€åÿØ ‚úÖ@vmess_irüöÄüöÄüí¨üí¨üí¨üì∑üì∑üí¨üì∫üì∫üí¨üòçÿØÿ± ÿµŸàÿ±ÿ™ ÿßÿ™ÿµÿßŸÑ ÿ≠ÿ™ŸÖÿß ÿØÿ± ÿ±€å⁄©ÿ¥ŸÜ Ÿáÿß ÿ¥ÿ±⁄©ÿ™ ⁄©ŸÜ€åÿØüòç
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxMDcuMTQ4LjIwNy4yNDkiLCJhaWQiOiIwIiwiYWxwbiI6IiIsImZwIjoiIiwiaG9zdCI6ImFwcHN2cy5zaG9wIiwiaWQiOiI0MTgwNDhhZi1hMjkzLTRiOTktOWIwYy05OGNhMzU4MGRkMjQiLCJuZXQiOiJ0Y3AiLCJwYXRoIjoiLyIsInBvcnQiOiI0ODcxMiIsInBzIjoiW/Cfh7rwn4e4XXQubWUvQ29uZmlnc0h1YiIsImlkIjoiNDE4MDQ4YWYtYTI5My00Yjk5LTliMGMtOThjYTM1ODBkZDI0IiwibmV0IjoidGNwIiwicGF0aCI6Ii8iLCJwb3J0IjoiNDg3MTIiLCJwcyI6IldpRmktQFYycmF5X0FscGhhLTE0Iiwic2N5IjoiYXV0byIsInNuaSI6IiIsInRscyI6IiIsInR5cGUiOiJub25lIiwidiI6IjIifQ==œü ·¥õ·¥á ú Ä·¥Ä…¥ œü Íú± ú…™ Ä·¥Ä·¥¢ œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü ·¥ã·¥Ä Ä·¥Ä·¥ä œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #·¥ú…¥…™·¥õ·¥á·¥Ös·¥õ·¥Ä·¥õ·¥ás(·¥ús)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxODYuMTkwLjIxNS45MyIsImFpZCI6IjAiLCJhbHBuIjoiIiwiZnAiOiIiLCJob3N0IjoiIiwiaWQiOiIwNDYyMWJhZS1hYjM2LTExZWMtYjkwOS0wMjQyYWMxMjAwMDIiLCJuZXQiOiJ0Y3AiLCJwYXRoIjoiIiwicG9ydCI6IjIyMzI0IiwicHMiOiJb8J+PgV10Lm1lL0NvbmZpZ3NIdWIiLCJzY3kiOiJhdXRvIiwic25pIjoiIiwidGxzIjoiIiwidHlwZSI6Im5vbmUiLCJ2IjoiMiJ9œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #s·¥°…™·¥õ·¥¢·¥á Ä ü·¥Ä…¥·¥Ö(·¥Ñ ú)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIyMy4xNTguNTYuMjEiLCJhaWQiOiIwIiwiYWxwbiI6IiIsImZwIjoiIiwiaG9zdCI6IiIsImlkIjoiNmVlZjM0NDgtYmJjMC00OTMzLTg5NGEtNzJiM2U4Nzg2MTA5IiwibmV0IjoidGNwIiwicGF0aCI6IiIsInBvcnQiOiI0ODk2MSIsInBzIjoiW/Cfh6nwn4eqXXQubWUvQ29uZmlnc0h1YiIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJ0bHMiOiIiLCJ0eXBlIjoibm9uZSIsInYiOiIyIn0=œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #…¢·¥á Ä·¥ç·¥Ä…¥ è(·¥Ö·¥á)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiNTEuNzkuMTAyLjI1MyIsICJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJwb3J0IjogODAsICJpZCI6ICI1OGZlMTU0Mi01MjkwLTQwYWQtODE1YS03NzcwN2E4MWFmZTUiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiL0lPZWJoTE1obDFDVGJGSGJMOTVteWZSWDIiLCAidGxzIjogIiJ9Country = #Canada(üá®üá¶)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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Country = #Germany(üá©üá™)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAidXN3dXhpYW4ucGFpNTAyODgudWsiLCAidiI6ICIyIiwgInBvcnQiOiA4NDQzLCAiaWQiOiAiYzMxMzYwNmYtOThjMi00ZDdiLWJhNzQtNDhiOTRmNjFiMTFkIiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsICJ0eXBlIjogIiIsICJob3N0IjogInVzd3V4aWFuLnBhaTUwMjg4LnVrIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGZlM1x1ZDgzZFx1ZGQyNStcdTA2YTlcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDZcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDQrXHUwNjMzXHUwNjMxXHUwNjQ4XHUwNjMxK1x1MDYzMVx1MDYyN1x1MDZjY1x1MDZhZlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NitARmFyYWhWUE4ifQ==Country = #US(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYlx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmNyBGUi0zOC4xMDkuMjI4LjIxNDoxNDg1NCIsICJhZGQiOiAiMzguMTA5LjIyOC4yMTQiLCAicG9ydCI6IDE0ODU0LCAiaWQiOiAiZjBhMjE0YmEtMmE0Zi00ZjIyLWIzNDItMDMxMjM3MjZhYjI3IiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxODguMTE0Ljk5LjE4MyIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogImxpbmRlMDYuaW5kaWF2aWRlby5zYnMiLAogICAgImlkIjogImVkYmIxMDU5LTE2MzMtNDI3MS1iNjZlLWVkNGZiYTQ3YTFiZiIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rd3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTE4OC4xMTQuOTkuMTgzLTc1NDMiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJsaW5kZTA2LmluZGlhdmlkZW8uc2JzIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJmazItYmFzaC44OTA2MTcueHl6IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiZmsyLWJhc2guODkwNjE3Lnh5eiIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiZmVkZGMzMjYtZGE3MC00ZmFiLTk1YTktOGY5OGJlNmRhNjMzIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2ZrMi0xIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogMjA4NywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTcyLjY3LjE1OS41Ni01NjI0IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiZmsyLWJhc2guODkwNjE3Lnh5eiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICI1MS43Ny4yMC4xMzciLAogICAgImFpZCI6IDAsCiAgICAiaG9zdCI6ICJ0aWxlYmFuaS5jb20iLAogICAgImlkIjogIjAzZmNjNjE4LWI5M2QtNjc5Ni02YWVkLThhMzhjOTc1ZDU4MSIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rdndzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfh6vwn4e3RlItNTEuNzcuMjAuMTM3LTc1NzkiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsCiAgICAic25pIjogIiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxMDQuMTkuMTUwLjEwIiwiYWlkIjoiMCIsImFscG4iOiIiLCJmcCI6IiIsImhvc3QiOiJtY2kubXRuLmlyLmNvbS5vcmcubmV0Lm9tMi5tdXNpY2ZhMTIzLmlyLiIsImlkIjoiOTRmMzMyYjAtYzVkMy00NTMxLWExZDYtNmU2MzU4Y2M2YzcyIiwibmV0IjoiaHR0cHVwZ3JhZGUiLCJwYXRoIjoiL2QzZDNMbWx5WVc1b2IzTjBMbU52YlFcdTAwM2RcdTAwM2Q/ZWRcdTAwM2QyNTYwIiwicG9ydCI6IjIwOTUiLCJwcyI6Itqp2KfZhtmB24zaryDZvtix2LPYsdi52Kog2LHYp9uM2q/Yp9mG8J+Mi0B2bWVzYyIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJ0bHMiOiIiLCJ0eXBlIjoiLS0tIiwidiI6IjIifQ==‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚ù• MtnFree serviceüëáüëáüëáüëáüëá‚úÖ @vmesc
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxNDYuMTkuMTY4LjE2MSIsImFpZCI6IjAiLCJhbHBuIjoiIiwiZnAiOiJjaHJvbWUiLCJob3N0IjoiYXowNS5iZXlvbmR5LmNmZCIsImlkIjoiM2Y2MzhmMzQtOGRiYS00MTg2LWJjNDMtMjcxNmE3ZGRkNGJlIiwibmV0Ijoid3MiLCJwYXRoIjoiL2xpbmsiLCJwb3J0IjoiNDQzIiwicHMiOiJb8J+Hq/Cfh7dddC5tZS9Db25maWdzSHViIiwic2N5IjoiYXV0byIsInNuaSI6ImF6MDUuYmV5b25keS5jZmQiLCJ0bHMiOiJ0bHMiLCJ0eXBlIjoiIiwidiI6IjIifQ==œü ·¥õ·¥á ú Ä·¥Ä…¥ œü Íú± ú…™ Ä·¥Ä·¥¢ œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü ·¥ã·¥Ä Ä·¥Ä·¥ä œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #“ì Ä·¥Ä…¥·¥Ñ·¥á(“ì Ä)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess: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Country = #China(üá®üá≥)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiNjcuMjIwLjk0LjEzNyIsICJwb3J0IjogNTcxMjMsICJpZCI6ICJiNGQzYTgxYi1lYzBlLTRhMjctYTM1OS02ZGVhMGM0ZjFmNzUiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogIm5vbmUifQ==Country = #Canada(üá®üá¶)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlOVx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYSBERS0xOTMuMTA4LjExOC4xMzY6MTU3MTMiLCAiYWRkIjogIjE5My4xMDguMTE4LjEzNiIsICJwb3J0IjogMTU3MTMsICJpZCI6ICJmNzRlMjc3ZS04NGIzLTQ2YTItOGFiZC0yNzc3ZmE1ZTRhZjkiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogIm5vbmUifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMzQuMTk1LjE5OC4xNDciLAogICAgImFpZCI6IDAsCiAgICAiaG9zdCI6ICJpbm5hLmNmZCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiMDNmY2M2MTgtYjkzZC02Nzk2LTZhZWQtOGEzOGM5NzVkNTgxIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt2d3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+HqPCfh6ZDQS0xMzQuMTk1LjE5OC4xNDctNzUyOCIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNzIuNjcuMTg5LjI3IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAibnkyLXN1Yi45MzAucHAudWEiLAogICAgImlkIjogImYwODJlZWNhLWUwNjgtNDVmOS1kMWJmLTQ2ZTlkZTliZGY1NyIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9ueTItc3ViLjkzMC5wcC51YSIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDIwNTMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTE3Mi42Ny4xODkuMjctMDgxMiIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogZmFsc2UsCiAgICAic25pIjogIm55Mi1zdWIuOTMwLnBwLnVhIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYyBTRy02Mi4xNDYuMjMzLjc5OjQ0MTI3IiwgImFkZCI6ICI2Mi4xNDYuMjMzLjc5IiwgInBvcnQiOiA0NDEyNywgImlkIjogImFlMGZhODIyLTU4YmItNDgzZi05YWY1LWQ0MTdkOGMyM2IyMSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OQSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZjhcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZWEgU0UtMTY5LjE1MC4yMDguODM6MTgwMDAiLCAiYWRkIjogIjE2OS4xNTAuMjA4LjgzIiwgInBvcnQiOiAxODAwMCwgImFpZCI6IDAsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogImY4YzhkYzNkLTBkMzctNDZiMC04YjM0LWE3MjMyODgyZmNmZSJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxNzIuNjcuMTcwLjEwMyIsImFpZCI6IjAiLCJhbHBuIjoiaDMiLCJmcCI6ImNocm9tZSIsImhvc3QiOiJnbHdlaWRmLnNicyIsImlkIjoiNzYyMjFiZmItZTkyZi00ZTgwLTgxYzUtNmZlNDhmNTBhYzBiIiwibmV0Ijoid3MiLCJwYXRoIjoiL2xpbmt3cyIsInBvcnQiOiI0NDMiLCJwcyI6Ilvwn4eo8J+Hpl10Lm1lL0NvbmZpZ3NIdWIiLCJzY3kiOiJhdXRvIiwic25pIjoiZ2x3ZWlkZi5zYnMiLCJ0bHMiOiJ0bHMiLCJ0eXBlIjoiIiwidiI6IjIifQ==œü ·¥õ·¥á ú Ä·¥Ä…¥ œü Íú± ú…™ Ä·¥Ä·¥¢ œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü ·¥ã·¥Ä Ä·¥Ä·¥ä œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #·¥Ñ·¥Ä…¥·¥Ä·¥Ö·¥Ä(·¥Ñ·¥Ä)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTIwLjE5OC43MS4yMTQiLCAicG9ydCI6ICIzNDA5MyIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAiaWQiOiAiNDE4MDQ4YWYtYTI5My00Yjk5LTliMGMtOThjYTM1ODBkZDI0IiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICIifQ==Country = #China(üá®üá≥)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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 = #Canada(üá®üá¶)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiNDYuMjUwLjI1My4yMzQiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAiYWxwbiI6ICIiLCAiZnAiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjc2MmIzOTIzLTU4ODUtNGM1Zi04ODZmLWU2Mjc4ODUxMjMzOCIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiMjg4NzIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzbmkiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAidHlwZSI6ICIiLCAidiI6ICIyIn0=Country = #Japan(üáØüáµ)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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 = #Canada(üá®üá¶)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjYuMC45NSIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogIm9iZGlpLmNmZCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiMDU2NDFjZjUtNThkMi00YmE0LWE5ZjEtYjNjZGEwYjFmYjFkIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTA0LjI2LjAuOTUtNzQ3MCIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogZmFsc2UsCiAgICAic25pIjogIm9iZGlpLmNmZCIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMzEuMTI5LjEwNS4yMzkiLCAiYWlkIjogMCwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjc5M2UwM2NjLTJiMDgtNGQxYi1iYjBiLTU5MjU2N2QxOTA0MyIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgInBvcnQiOiAxNjIzMSwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGQxMiBWTS1XUy1OQSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZjdcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZmEgUlUtMzEuMTI5LjEwNS4yMzk6MTYyMzEiLCAidGxzIjogIiIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwgInNuaSI6ICIifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OQSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZWZcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZjUgSlAtMTMuMjMwLjIzNS4yNDc6NDg4ODkiLCAiYWRkIjogIjEzLjIzMC4yMzUuMjQ3IiwgInBvcnQiOiAiNDg4ODkiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgImlkIjogImMxMzBjYjM2LWM5M2YtNGJlNy05MjI4LWE3YTk3ZDQzODg1YSIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsICJob3N0IjogImd5LnlvdWFyZW15Z29kLnRvcCIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlNiBDQS0yMy4xNjIuMjAwLjkxOjIwMTgyIiwgImFkZCI6ICIyMy4xNjIuMjAwLjkxIiwgInBvcnQiOiAyMDE4MiwgImlkIjogImNjOWI2NmI3LTFkZTctNGFhOS05NjQyLTU3NWE4YWUzZmYxOSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNzIuNjcuMTUzLjE1NiIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogInVzd3V4aWFuLnBhaTUwMjg4LnVrIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICJjMzEzNjA2Zi05OGMyLTRkN2ItYmE3NC00OGI5NGY2MWIxMWQiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogODQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTcyLjY3LjE1My4xNTYtMDMwNyIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmYVx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOCBVUy01MS44MS4yMDMuNTc6Mjg4NjAiLCAiYWRkIjogIjUxLjgxLjIwMy41NyIsICJwb3J0IjogMjg4NjAsICJpZCI6ICIxNzg0NDk3ZC0wM2ExLTQwYmItYmI4Yi1kZTRmZmFjN2M1OWMiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogIm5vbmUifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjEuOTQuMTY4IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNjJhYTVmODAtMDMyOC00MDA0LWEzNzUtN2Y1YTU5ZGY0MDIyIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTA0LjIxLjk0LjE2OC03NDQ4IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICIiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYyBTRy02Mi4xNDYuMjMzLjExMjozNjcxMiIsICJhZGQiOiAiNjIuMTQ2LjIzMy4xMTIiLCAicG9ydCI6IDM2NzEyLCAiaWQiOiAiOTI2NmRmNDItMDgzMC00OGMyLTg1MDktNGM1N2IzMGZlMjlkIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNzIuNjcuNzEuMTYwIiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAib2JkaWkuY2ZkIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICIwNTY0MWNmNS01OGQyLTRiYTQtYTlmMS1iM2NkYTBiMWZiMWQiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfj4FSRUxBWS0xNzIuNjcuNzEuMTYwLTc0NzkiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJvYmRpaS5jZmQiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMzguMTQuMTA3LjIyNSIsICJwb3J0IjogMzgwMDMsICJhaWQiOiA2NCwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogInRscyIsICJpZCI6ICI0MTgwNDhhZi1hMjkzLTRiOTktOWIwYy05OGNhMzU4MGRkMjQiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJ3d3cuMjMxNzk3NTMueHl6IiwgInBhdGgiOiAiL3BhdGgvMTgxNzIxMjcyMTE0In0=Country = #United_States(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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 = #France(üá´üá∑)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiYXowNS5iZXlvbmR5LmNmZCIsICJhaWQiOiAwLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJhejA1LmJleW9uZHkuY2ZkIiwgImlkIjogIjNmNjM4ZjM0LThkYmEtNDE4Ni1iYzQzLTI3MTZhN2RkZDRiZSIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGluayIsICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLCAic25pIjogIiJ9Country = #France(üá´üá∑)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTU0LjgzLjIuOTAiLCAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywgImFpZCI6IDAsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLCAiaWQiOiAiOTUwZGI2YWEtNDkyNi00NjE2LTgxNmUtZWMwMzEyZGNiODdiIiwgInNuaSI6ICJqYWhma2poYS5jZmQiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJqYWhma2poYS5jZmQiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIn0=Country = #Seychelles(üá∏üá®)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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Country = #France(üá´üá∑)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNzIuNjcuMTMxLjE3IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNjJhYTVmODAtMDMyOC00MDA0LWEzNzUtN2Y1YTU5ZGY0MDIyIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTcyLjY3LjEzMS4xNy03NDM2IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlY1x1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlNyBHQi0xNDkuNy4xNi4xNDk6MzcxMDEiLCAiYWRkIjogIjE0OS43LjE2LjE0OSIsICJwb3J0IjogMzcxMDEsICJpZCI6ICJmYjNmYzI0My00Njk4LTQ5YzQtOGM0NC0wNDE1ZjY4YTRkMjUiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogIm5vbmUifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMTcuMjEzLjU3IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAieG1pdmlkZW8uY2ZkIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICI5M2VhNDg2YS1iYWRhLTQyYTQtYWMzOC1kMDg4YjMyMGZhMWUiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfj4FSRUxBWS0xMDQuMTcuMjEzLjU3LTc0NDMiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJ4bWl2aWRlby5jZmQiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlNiBDQS02Ny4yMjAuOTQuMTM3OjU3MTIzIiwgImFkZCI6ICI2Ny4yMjAuOTQuMTM3IiwgInBvcnQiOiA1NzEyMywgImlkIjogImI0ZDNhODFiLWVjMGUtNGEyNy1hMzU5LTZkZWEwYzRmMWY3NSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmM1x1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmMSBOTC0xODUuMjIxLjIxOS4yMDo0Nzg1NiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTg1LjIyMS4yMTkuMjAiLCAicG9ydCI6IDQ3ODU2LCAiaWQiOiAiMDY1MDE2MTQtMmNkZS00NTg5LWI3NWYtOGRmODk1ZTY1YjNjIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIyMy4xNTguNTYuMTg0IiwiYWlkIjoiMCIsImFscG4iOiIiLCJmcCI6IiIsImhvc3QiOiIiLCJpZCI6IjA0NjIxYmFlLWFiMzYtMTFlYy1iOTA5LTAyNDJhYzEyMDAwMiIsIm5ldCI6InRjcCIsInBhdGgiOiIiLCJwb3J0IjoiMjIzMjQiLCJwcyI6Itqp2KfZhtmB24zaryDZvtix2LPYsdi52Kog2LHYp9uM2q/Yp9mG8J+Mi0B2bWVzYyIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJ0bHMiOiIiLCJ0eXBlIjoibm9uZSIsInYiOiIyIn0=‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚ù• MciFree serviceüëáüëáüëáüëáüëá‚úÖ @vmesc
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTY5LjE1MC4yMDguODMiLCAicG9ydCI6IDE4MDAwLCAiYWlkIjogMCwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAiaWQiOiAiZjhjOGRjM2QtMGQzNy00NmIwLThiMzQtYTcyMzI4ODJmY2ZlIn0=Country = #Sweden(üá∏üá™)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTQ5LjcuMTYuMTQ5IiwgInBvcnQiOiAzNzEwMSwgImlkIjogImZiM2ZjMjQzLTQ2OTgtNDljNC04YzQ0LTA0MTVmNjhhNGQyNSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9Country = #United_Kingdom(üá¨üáß)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiNTcuMTI5LjI0LjE0MSIsICJwb3J0IjogIjQ0MyIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAiaWQiOiAiMDNmY2M2MTgtYjkzZC02Nzk2LTZhZWQtOGEzOGM5NzVkNTgxIiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rdndzIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMifQ==Country = #Germany(üá©üá™)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAidXMydm1lc3Mucm5tY25tLmNvbSIsICJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJwb3J0IjogODAsICJpZCI6ICI3ZjhhMWJiOS1iZWUwLTQwYTgtZjkwOC0yMWE2NWRhMGYzY2MiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLzEyM3F3ZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIn0=Country = #US(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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 = #Germany(üá©üá™)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJQYXJzVmRzLmlyIiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiZ2x3ZWlkZi5zYnMiLAogICAgImlkIjogIjc2MjIxYmZiLWU5MmYtNGU4MC04MWM1LTZmZTQ4ZjUwYWMwYiIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rd3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTEwNC4yMS45NC4xNjgtMTEzOSIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTA0LjIxLjE2LjEiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAiYWxwbiI6ICIiLCAiZnAiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjdmOGExYmI5LWJlZTAtNDBhOC1mOTA4LTIxYTY1ZGEwZjNjYyIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvMTIzcXdlIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiODAiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVdTLU5BIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGZmNFx1MjAwZFx1MjYyMFx1ZmUwZiBOQS0xMDQuMjEuMTYuMTo4MCIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzbmkiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAidHlwZSI6ICItLS0iLCAidiI6ICIyIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIyMy4xNjIuMjAwLjIyNyIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogIiIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiMDNmY2M2MTgtYjkzZC02Nzk2LTZhZWQtOGEzOGM5NzVkNTgxIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt2d3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+HqPCfh6ZDQS0yMy4xNjIuMjAwLjIyNy03NDQ3IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICIiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxODguMTE0Ljk3Ljc5IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAibGluZGUwNi5pbmRpYXZpZGVvLnNicyIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiZWRiYjEwNTktMTYzMy00MjcxLWI2NmUtZWQ0ZmJhNDdhMWJmIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTg4LjExNC45Ny43OS03NDQwIiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAibGluZGUwNi5pbmRpYXZpZGVvLnNicyIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTA0LjIxLjk2LjEiLCAiYWlkIjogMCwgImhvc3QiOiAiZGUwMS5zaC1jbG91ZGZsYXJlLnNicyIsICJpZCI6ICI3NWEwODg1Zi0wY2E1LTQyYTQtODY1MS0zOTFjZjgxOTMxNTQiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsICJwb3J0IjogMjA5NiwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGQxMiBWTS1XUy1UTFMgXHVkODNjXHVkZmY0XHUyMDBkXHUyNjIwXHVmZTBmIE5BLTEwNC4yMS45Ni4xOjIwOTYiLCAidGxzIjogInRscyIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwgInNuaSI6ICJkZTAxLnNoLWNsb3VkZmxhcmUuc2JzIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjoiMiIsInBzIjoiRC1GQUlUSC02MjI3IiwiYWRkIjoiMTY3LjcxLjI1MC4xMTUiLCJwb3J0IjoiODg4MSIsImlkIjoiZGI1YWZhZTQtYWMyMy00MWE2LTgzNzgtZjMwN2E5YTQ3NDM2IiwiYWlkIjoiMCIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJuZXQiOiJ0Y3AiLCJ0eXBlIjoiaHR0cCIsImhvc3QiOiJtb2kuaXIiLCJwYXRoIjoiLyIsInRscyI6Im5vbmUiLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJhbHBuIjoiIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess: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 = #Moldova(üá≤üá©)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYyBTRy0xNTQuMjYuMTM3LjQyOjQ0MTA0IiwgImFkZCI6ICIxNTQuMjYuMTM3LjQyIiwgInBvcnQiOiA0NDEwNCwgImlkIjogImU5OTMzYTRjLWU1NmUtNDU4Yy1iY2Y0LTljYjM4NzViYmE1NSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmM1x1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmMSBOTC0xNzIuOTkuMTg4LjE5MDo0NzkyNSIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTcyLjk5LjE4OC4xOTAiLCAicG9ydCI6IDQ3OTI1LCAiaWQiOiAiZjU4ZmZkYTItM2VmYy00OWE1LTkwNDctZjhjMmY5M2M1NzVkIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYlx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmNyBGUi0zOC4xMDkuMjI4LjE2MzoyNzA2MCIsICJhZGQiOiAiMzguMTA5LjIyOC4xNjMiLCAicG9ydCI6IDI3MDYwLCAiaWQiOiAiNzFkYTQwYjktYzIwZS00YTZlLTgwY2ItYzgxNDFmNjkzNTI2IiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNTIuNjcuMjUxLjIzMiIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogImlydmlkZW8uY2ZkIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICJlNTM3ZjJmNS0yYTBjLTRmNTktOTJjOS04MzJjYTY0MzNiZjMiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfh7rwn4e4VVMtMTUyLjY3LjI1MS4yMzItNzQzNSIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogZmFsc2UsCiAgICAic25pIjogImlydmlkZW8uY2ZkIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiJhbGlwLmNvbSIsImFpZCI6IjAiLCJhbHBuIjoiIiwiZnAiOiIiLCJob3N0IjoiIiwiaWQiOiJiNGMxZGQ2Mi1mMGRkLTRhNmYtOGU4NS1lNDI5M2EzMzgxODciLCJuZXQiOiJ0Y3AiLCJwYXRoIjoiIiwicG9ydCI6Ijg2NDMiLCJwcyI6Ilvwn4+BXXQubWUvQ29uZmlnc0h1YiIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJ0bHMiOiIiLCJ0eXBlIjoibm9uZSIsInYiOiIyIn0=œü ·¥õ·¥á ú Ä·¥Ä…¥ œü Íú± ú…™ Ä·¥Ä·¥¢ œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü ·¥ã·¥Ä Ä·¥Ä·¥ä œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: # ô Ä…™·¥õ…™s ú·¥†…™ Ä…¢…™…¥…™s ü·¥Ä…¥·¥Ös(·¥†…¢)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiNjUuMTA5LjE5Mi4yNDQiLCAicG9ydCI6IDI5ODc4LCAiaWQiOiAiNDJjZjZhMmEtZmM1Yy00MjJjLTg4YzQtYzJjZTE3MmEyMWE2IiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=Country = #Finland(üá´üáÆ)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiNDYuMjkuMTY2LjIzNyIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJhbHBuIjogIiIsICJmcCI6ICIiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICIiLCAiaWQiOiAiMGM0OWNkMTktMjc1OC00ZDM4LWU2YTgtMTFmMmQ2NjM1ODYwIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIiLCAicG9ydCI6ICI0NzU1NSIsICJwcyI6ICJcdWQ4M2RcdWRmZTNcdWQ4M2RcdWRkMjUrXHUwNmE5XHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2XHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ0K1x1MDYzM1x1MDYzMVx1MDY0OFx1MDYzMStcdTA2MzFcdTA2MjdcdTA2Y2NcdTA2YWZcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDYrQEZhcmFoVlBOIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNuaSI6ICIiLCAidGxzIjogIiIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidiI6ICIyIn0=Country = #Russia(üá∑üá∫)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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Country = #Poland(üáµüá±)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAicHEtYnJhemlsMS4wOXZwbi5jb20iLCAicG9ydCI6ICI4MCIsICJpZCI6ICJjMDRjM2IzNC03MGZkLTRmZWMtOTYzZS1jMTJkMDlmMzZiZWYiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgImhvc3QiOiAicHEtYnJhemlsMS4wOXZwbi5jb20iLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvdm1lc3MvIn0=Country = #Brazil(üáßüá∑)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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Country = #Spain(üá™üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiNjUuMTA5LjE5Mi4yNDQiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAiYWxwbiI6ICIiLCAiZnAiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjg3MGFhZGZmLTNlYWMtNGQ5Zi1hMjFhLWMxYTAxNjY0YThjOCIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiNTI2MzUiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzbmkiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ2IjogIjIifQ==Country = #Finland(üá´üáÆ)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxODguMTE0Ljk5LjE4MyIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogImxpbmRlMDYuaW5kaWF2aWRlby5zYnMiLAogICAgImlkIjogImVkYmIxMDU5LTE2MzMtNDI3MS1iNjZlLWVkNGZiYTQ3YTFiZiIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rd3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTE4OC4xMTQuOTkuMTgzLTc0MjAiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJsaW5kZTA2LmluZGlhdmlkZW8uc2JzIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYyBTRy02Mi4xNDYuMjMyLjE1Nzo1Mjg1NiIsICJhZGQiOiAiNjIuMTQ2LjIzMi4xNTciLCAicG9ydCI6IDUyODU2LCAiaWQiOiAiZWQ1NGUzODgtYmZjNS00YjM2LWFlNGQtOGIzY2Q0NjBkM2Q0IiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIiwgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjEuOTQuMTY4IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNjJhYTVmODAtMDMyOC00MDA0LWEzNzUtN2Y1YTU5ZGY0MDIyIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTA0LjIxLjk0LjE2OC03NDU5IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICIiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess: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Country = #United_States(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIzOC4xNC4xMDcuMjI1IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiA2NCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogInd3dy4yMzE3OTc1My54eXoiLAogICAgImlkIjogIjQxODA0OGFmLWEyOTMtNGI5OS05YjBjLTk4Y2EzNTgwZGQyNCIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9wYXRoLzE4MTcyMTI3MjExNCIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDM4MDAzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfh7rwn4e4VVMtMzguMTQuMTA3LjIyNS03NDk4IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICIiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjEuMTguMjI3IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiamFoZmtqaGEuY2ZkIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICI5NTBkYjZhYS00OTI2LTQ2MTYtODE2ZS1lYzAzMTJkY2I4N2IiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfj4FSRUxBWS0xMDQuMjEuMTguMjI3LTc1MjAiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsCiAgICAic25pIjogIiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjoiMiIsInBzIjoiRC1GT1gtMjA4OCIsImFkZCI6IjEzOC4xOTcuMS4yMjIiLCJwb3J0IjoiODg4MSIsImlkIjoiZGI1YWZhZTQtYWMyMy00MWE2LTgzNzgtZjMwN2E5YTQ3NDM2IiwiYWlkIjoiMCIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJuZXQiOiJ0Y3AiLCJ0eXBlIjoiaHR0cCIsImhvc3QiOiJtb2kuaXIiLCJwYXRoIjoiLyIsInRscyI6Im5vbmUiLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJhbHBuIjoiIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxODUuMTQ2LjE3My4xNTgiLCJhaWQiOiIwIiwiYWxwbiI6IiIsImZwIjoiIiwiaG9zdCI6ImphaGZramhhLmNmZCIsImlkIjoiOTUwZGI2YWEtNDkyNi00NjE2LTgxNmUtZWMwMzEyZGNiODdiIiwibmV0Ijoid3MiLCJwYXRoIjoiL2xpbmt3cyIsInBvcnQiOiI0NDMiLCJwcyI6Ilvwn4e48J+Hql10Lm1lL0NvbmZpZ3NIdWIiLCJzY3kiOiJhdXRvIiwic25pIjoiamFoZmtqaGEuY2ZkIiwidGxzIjoidGxzIiwidHlwZSI6IiIsInYiOiIyIn0=œü ·¥õ·¥á ú Ä·¥Ä…¥ œü Íú± ú…™ Ä·¥Ä·¥¢ œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü ·¥ã·¥Ä Ä·¥Ä·¥ä œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #s·¥°·¥á·¥Ö·¥á…¥(s·¥á)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiczIuZGItbGluazAyLnRvcCIsICJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJwb3J0IjogODA4MCwgImlkIjogIjRiMzY2MjVjLWI5ZDktM2VhNi1hZWQ1LTg2ZDYyYzcwZTE2ZCIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAidHlwZSI6ICIiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICIxMDAtMTE5LTE1MS0yNDguczIuZGItbGluazAyLnRvcCIsICJwYXRoIjogIi9kYWJhaS5pbjE3Mi42NC40MS4xNTAiLCAidGxzIjogIiJ9Country = #US(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTcyLjk5LjE4OC4xOTAiLCAicG9ydCI6IDQ3OTI1LCAiaWQiOiAiZjU4ZmZkYTItM2VmYy00OWE1LTkwNDctZjhjMmY5M2M1NzVkIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=Country = #The_Netherlands(üá≥üá±)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMWEyZDUxNGItMzdjZi00OTlmLThkMDgtZDAxN2E5MmFiNWJiLmFzb3VsLWF2YS50b3AiLCAidiI6ICIyIiwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGZlM1x1ZDgzZFx1ZGQyNStcdTA2YTlcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDZcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDQrXHUwNjMzXHUwNjMxXHUwNjQ4XHUwNjMxK1x1MDYzMVx1MDYyN1x1MDZjY1x1MDZhZlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NitARmFyYWhWUE4iLCAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywgImlkIjogIjVmNzI2ZmUzLWQ4MmUtNGRhNS1hNzExLThhZjBjYmIyYjY4MiIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAidHlwZSI6ICIiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICIxYTJkNTE0Yi0zN2NmLTQ5OWYtOGQwOC1kMDE3YTkyYWI1YmIuYXNvdWwtYXZhLnRvcCIsICJwYXRoIjogIi9henVtYXNlLnJlbiIsICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIn0=Country = #Canada(üá®üá¶)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiNTcuMTI5LjI4LjY5IiwgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsICJhaWQiOiAwLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwgImlkIjogIjAzZmNjNjE4LWI5M2QtNjc5Ni02YWVkLThhMzhjOTc1ZDU4MSIsICJzbmkiOiAid3JtZWxtd3hsZi5na3RldmxycXpud3Fxb3p5LmZhYnBmczY2Z2l6bW5vamhjdnF4d2wua3l0cmNmenFsYTg3Z3ZndnM2Yzdram5ydWJ1aC5jYyIsICJob3N0IjogImJhcmFkaWhhLmNvbSIsICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rdndzIn0=Country = #Germany(üá©üá™)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTcwLjExNC40NS41MiIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJhbHBuIjogIiIsICJmcCI6ICIiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJ1c3RvdWNqam5pZDE4c2o2dXMubG92ZWJhaXBpYW8uY29tIiwgImlkIjogIjkxOTliZjc4LTg3NjItNGVjNS05YjdmLTA3Mzk2YjcxZTlkNCIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiMjA4NiIsICJwcyI6ICJcdWQ4M2RcdWRkMTIgVk0tV1MtTkEgXHVkODNjXHVkZGZhXHVkODNjXHVkZGY4IFVTLTE3MC4xMTQuNDUuNTI6MjA4NiIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzbmkiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAidHlwZSI6ICIiLCAidiI6ICIyIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess: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ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMzcuMjcuMTgyLjEwOSIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJob3N0IjogIiIsICJpZCI6ICJiM2E2NDM1Yi1mZWFlLTQxZjQtYTZiOC1jZjNjMDllNTM2ZTEiLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJwYXRoIjogIiIsICJwb3J0IjogMzM3OCwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGQxMiBWTS1UQ1AtTk9ORSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZWJcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZWUgRkktMzcuMjcuMTgyLjEwOTozMzc4IiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiIiwgInYiOiAiMiJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxODguMTE0Ljk3Ljc5IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAibGluZGUwNi5pbmRpYXZpZGVvLnNicyIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiZWRiYjEwNTktMTYzMy00MjcxLWI2NmUtZWQ0ZmJhNDdhMWJmIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTg4LjExNC45Ny43OS03NTE3IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAibGluZGUwNi5pbmRpYXZpZGVvLnNicyIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTA0LjIxLjgyLjE4MyIsICJhaWQiOiAwLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJzZXJ2ZXIyNi5iZWhlc2h0YmFuZWguY29tIiwgImlkIjogIjVhNzAyMWUwLTI2YjQtNDVkNi1iMTc1LWZlNTUxNjAxY2E5NyIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgInBvcnQiOiA4ODgwLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVdTLU5BIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGZmNFx1MjAwZFx1MjYyMFx1ZmUwZiBOQS0xMDQuMjEuODIuMTgzOjg4ODAiLCAidGxzIjogIiIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwgInNuaSI6ICIifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjEuOTQuMTY4IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNjJhYTVmODAtMDMyOC00MDA0LWEzNzUtN2Y1YTU5ZGY0MDIyIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTA0LjIxLjk0LjE2OC03NTUwIiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICIiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess: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 = #The_Netherlands(üá≥üá±)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJ1czAxLnNoLWNsb3VkZmxhcmUuc2JzIiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAidXMwMS5zaC1jbG91ZGZsYXJlLnNicyIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiOTE0NTg0ZWUtMzUxNS00NmFjLWEwOWQtNDY3N2EyZTlkYzlhIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDg0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTEwNC4yMS4zMi4xLTA3NjQiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJ1czAxLnNoLWNsb3VkZmxhcmUuc2JzIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlZVx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmMyBJTi05NC4xMzYuMTg0LjE1NTozOTI1MyIsICJhZGQiOiAiOTQuMTM2LjE4NC4xNTUiLCAicG9ydCI6IDM5MjUzLCAiaWQiOiAiNjliNDlhMzUtY2Y1NS00ZDE0LTlmMmItZDdjZTNhMGRiNzJlIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmYVx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOCBVUy0xNS4yMDQuMjQ4LjkyOjMwNTYyIiwgImFkZCI6ICIxNS4yMDQuMjQ4LjkyIiwgInBvcnQiOiAzMDU2MiwgImlkIjogIjgyNDY2NzE1LTZhNTgtNDA0Ni1hMzYzLWEwZDE4ZTViMmFiNCIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAidXN3dXhpYW4ucGFpNTAyODgudWsiLCAidiI6ICIyIiwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGZlM1x1ZDgzZFx1ZGQyNStcdTA2YTlcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDZcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDQrXHUwNjMzXHUwNjMxXHUwNjQ4XHUwNjMxK1x1MDYzMVx1MDYyN1x1MDZjY1x1MDZhZlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NitARmFyYWhWUE4iLCAicG9ydCI6IDg0NDMsICJpZCI6ICJjMzEzNjA2Zi05OGMyLTRkN2ItYmE3NC00OGI5NGY2MWIxMWQiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAidXN3dXhpYW4ucGFpNTAyODgudWsiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMifQ==Country = #US(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTcyLjk5LjE4OC41NSIsICJwb3J0IjogMTcyODQsICJpZCI6ICJlNGVmZTEyZC05N2MwLTRmZDctYmZkNC0wNjlmZjA0ZThkNDQiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogIm5vbmUifQ==Country = #The_Netherlands(üá≥üá±)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiODguMTk4LjE3Mi4yNSIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJhbHBuIjogIiIsICJmcCI6ICIiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICIiLCAiaWQiOiAiZTdlYjQ3MmUtZGM4My00OWQ1LWJlNWUtODJhNzlhMjEyNGVlIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJncnBjIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiSmJpQjhWNjZWNzhIZjViaXZmc2lzOHZIIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiMTUxNDUiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLUdSUEMtTkEgXHVkODNjXHVkZGU5XHVkODNjXHVkZGVhIERFLTg4LjE5OC4xNzIuMjU6MTUxNDUiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAic25pIjogIiIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiZ3VuIiwgInYiOiAiMiJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMjMuMTYyLjIwMC45MSIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJob3N0IjogIiIsICJpZCI6ICJjYzliNjZiNy0xZGU3LTRhYTktOTY0Mi01NzVhOGFlM2ZmMTkiLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJwYXRoIjogIiIsICJwb3J0IjogIjIwMTgyIiwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGQxMiBWTS1UQ1AtTkEgXHVkODNjXHVkZGU4XHVkODNjXHVkZGU2IENBLTIzLjE2Mi4yMDAuOTE6MjAxODIiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAic25pIjogIiIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiIiwgInYiOiAiMiJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNzIuNjcuMTYxLjc3IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAibGluZGUwNi5pbmRpYXZpZGVvLnNicyIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiZWRiYjEwNTktMTYzMy00MjcxLWI2NmUtZWQ0ZmJhNDdhMWJmIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTcyLjY3LjE2MS43Ny03NTYyIiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAibGluZGUwNi5pbmRpYXZpZGVvLnNicyIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICI2YThlMGNhMi1zdWN2NDAtdDgybzV0LWxidzUuaGsucDVwdi5jb20iLAogICAgImFpZCI6IDIsCiAgICAiaG9zdCI6ICJicm9hZGNhc3Rsdi5jaGF0LmJpbGliaWxpLmNvbSIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiMGU1MTFmNTAtNzkzZi0xMWVhLWI4NzMtZjIzYzkxY2ZiYmM5IiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDgwLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfh63wn4ewSEstMS42NS4yMTguMTI5LTA5MTciLAogICAgInRscyI6ICIiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsCiAgICAic25pIjogIiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJzMi5kYi1saW5rMDEudG9wIiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiMTAwLTEzMC0xMzYtNTAuczIuZGItbGluazAxLnRvcCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNGIzNjYyNWMtYjlkOS0zZWE2LWFlZDUtODZkNjJjNzBlMTZkIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2RhYmFpLmluMTA0LjIxLjEzMy4xMiIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDIwOTUsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTEwNC4xNy4yMTMuMjQxLTA4OTEiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICIiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsCiAgICAic25pIjogIiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJueTEtZGFzaC44OTA2OTkueHl6IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAibnkxLWRhc2guODkwNjk5Lnh5eiIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNjU4Yjg3ZTAtNWQ5Mi00NDI0LWQzNDQtYzE2N2FjZDZhNzdmIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL255MS1zdWIuODkwNjk5Lnh5eiIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDIwOTYsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTEwNC4yMS4zMi4xLTU2OTYiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJueTEtc3ViLjg5MDY5OS54eXoiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiI0Ni4yOS4xNjYuMjM3IiwiYWlkIjoiMCIsImFscG4iOiIiLCJmcCI6IiIsImhvc3QiOiIiLCJpZCI6IjBjNDljZDE5LTI3NTgtNGQzOC1lNmE4LTExZjJkNjYzNTg2MCIsIm5ldCI6InRjcCIsInBhdGgiOiIiLCJwb3J0IjoiNDc1NTUiLCJwcyI6Itiz2LHZiNixINix2KfbjNqv2KfZhiDZvtix2LPYsdi52Krwn4yKIEB2bWVzc19pciIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJ0bHMiOiIiLCJ0eXBlIjoibm9uZSIsInYiOiIyIn0=ŸÖÿÆÿµŸàÿµ ÿß€åÿ±ÿßŸÜÿ≥ŸÑ Ÿà ÿ±ÿß€åÿ™ŸÑ‚úÖÿ≠ÿ™ŸÖÿß ÿ®Ÿá ÿßÿ¥ÿ™ÿ±ÿß⁄© ÿ®ÿ≤ÿßÿ±€åÿØ ‚úÖ@vmess_irüöÄüöÄüí¨üí¨üí¨üì∑üì∑üí¨üì∫üì∫üí¨üòçÿØÿ± ÿµŸàÿ±ÿ™ ÿßÿ™ÿµÿßŸÑ ÿ≠ÿ™ŸÖÿß ÿØÿ± ÿ±€å⁄©ÿ¥ŸÜ Ÿáÿß ÿ¥ÿ±⁄©ÿ™ ⁄©ŸÜ€åÿØüòç
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxMDcuMTQ4LjIwNy4yNDkiLCJhaWQiOiIwIiwiYWxwbiI6IiIsImZwIjoiIiwiaG9zdCI6ImFwcHN2cy5zaG9wIiwiaWQiOiI0MTgwNDhhZi1hMjkzLTRiOTktOWIwYy05OGNhMzU4MGRkMjQiLCJuZXQiOiJ0Y3AiLCJwYXRoIjoiLyIsInBvcnQiOiI0ODcxMiIsInBzIjoiW/Cfh7rwn4e4XXQubWUvQ29uZmlnc0h1YiIsImlkIjoiNDE4MDQ4YWYtYTI5My00Yjk5LTliMGMtOThjYTM1ODBkZDI0IiwibmV0IjoidGNwIiwicGF0aCI6Ii8iLCJwb3J0IjoiNDg3MTIiLCJwcyI6IldpRmktQFYycmF5X0FscGhhLTE0Iiwic2N5IjoiYXV0byIsInNuaSI6IiIsInRscyI6IiIsInR5cGUiOiJub25lIiwidiI6IjIifQ==œü ·¥õ·¥á ú Ä·¥Ä…¥ œü Íú± ú…™ Ä·¥Ä·¥¢ œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü ·¥ã·¥Ä Ä·¥Ä·¥ä œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #·¥ú…¥…™·¥õ·¥á·¥Ös·¥õ·¥Ä·¥õ·¥ás(·¥ús)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxODYuMTkwLjIxNS45MyIsImFpZCI6IjAiLCJhbHBuIjoiIiwiZnAiOiIiLCJob3N0IjoiIiwiaWQiOiIwNDYyMWJhZS1hYjM2LTExZWMtYjkwOS0wMjQyYWMxMjAwMDIiLCJuZXQiOiJ0Y3AiLCJwYXRoIjoiIiwicG9ydCI6IjIyMzI0IiwicHMiOiJb8J+PgV10Lm1lL0NvbmZpZ3NIdWIiLCJzY3kiOiJhdXRvIiwic25pIjoiIiwidGxzIjoiIiwidHlwZSI6Im5vbmUiLCJ2IjoiMiJ9œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #s·¥°…™·¥õ·¥¢·¥á Ä ü·¥Ä…¥·¥Ö(·¥Ñ ú)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIyMy4xNTguNTYuMjEiLCJhaWQiOiIwIiwiYWxwbiI6IiIsImZwIjoiIiwiaG9zdCI6IiIsImlkIjoiNmVlZjM0NDgtYmJjMC00OTMzLTg5NGEtNzJiM2U4Nzg2MTA5IiwibmV0IjoidGNwIiwicGF0aCI6IiIsInBvcnQiOiI0ODk2MSIsInBzIjoiW/Cfh6nwn4eqXXQubWUvQ29uZmlnc0h1YiIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJ0bHMiOiIiLCJ0eXBlIjoibm9uZSIsInYiOiIyIn0=œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #…¢·¥á Ä·¥ç·¥Ä…¥ è(·¥Ö·¥á)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiNTEuNzkuMTAyLjI1MyIsICJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJwb3J0IjogODAsICJpZCI6ICI1OGZlMTU0Mi01MjkwLTQwYWQtODE1YS03NzcwN2E4MWFmZTUiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiL0lPZWJoTE1obDFDVGJGSGJMOTVteWZSWDIiLCAidGxzIjogIiJ9Country = #Canada(üá®üá¶)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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Country = #Germany(üá©üá™)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAidXN3dXhpYW4ucGFpNTAyODgudWsiLCAidiI6ICIyIiwgInBvcnQiOiA4NDQzLCAiaWQiOiAiYzMxMzYwNmYtOThjMi00ZDdiLWJhNzQtNDhiOTRmNjFiMTFkIiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsICJ0eXBlIjogIiIsICJob3N0IjogInVzd3V4aWFuLnBhaTUwMjg4LnVrIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGZlM1x1ZDgzZFx1ZGQyNStcdTA2YTlcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDZcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDQrXHUwNjMzXHUwNjMxXHUwNjQ4XHUwNjMxK1x1MDYzMVx1MDYyN1x1MDZjY1x1MDZhZlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NitARmFyYWhWUE4ifQ==Country = #US(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYlx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmNyBGUi0zOC4xMDkuMjI4LjIxNDoxNDg1NCIsICJhZGQiOiAiMzguMTA5LjIyOC4yMTQiLCAicG9ydCI6IDE0ODU0LCAiaWQiOiAiZjBhMjE0YmEtMmE0Zi00ZjIyLWIzNDItMDMxMjM3MjZhYjI3IiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxODguMTE0Ljk5LjE4MyIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogImxpbmRlMDYuaW5kaWF2aWRlby5zYnMiLAogICAgImlkIjogImVkYmIxMDU5LTE2MzMtNDI3MS1iNjZlLWVkNGZiYTQ3YTFiZiIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rd3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTE4OC4xMTQuOTkuMTgzLTc1NDMiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJsaW5kZTA2LmluZGlhdmlkZW8uc2JzIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJmazItYmFzaC44OTA2MTcueHl6IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiZmsyLWJhc2guODkwNjE3Lnh5eiIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiZmVkZGMzMjYtZGE3MC00ZmFiLTk1YTktOGY5OGJlNmRhNjMzIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2ZrMi0xIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogMjA4NywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTcyLjY3LjE1OS41Ni01NjI0IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiZmsyLWJhc2guODkwNjE3Lnh5eiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICI1MS43Ny4yMC4xMzciLAogICAgImFpZCI6IDAsCiAgICAiaG9zdCI6ICJ0aWxlYmFuaS5jb20iLAogICAgImlkIjogIjAzZmNjNjE4LWI5M2QtNjc5Ni02YWVkLThhMzhjOTc1ZDU4MSIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rdndzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfh6vwn4e3RlItNTEuNzcuMjAuMTM3LTc1NzkiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsCiAgICAic25pIjogIiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxMDQuMTkuMTUwLjEwIiwiYWlkIjoiMCIsImFscG4iOiIiLCJmcCI6IiIsImhvc3QiOiJtY2kubXRuLmlyLmNvbS5vcmcubmV0Lm9tMi5tdXNpY2ZhMTIzLmlyLiIsImlkIjoiOTRmMzMyYjAtYzVkMy00NTMxLWExZDYtNmU2MzU4Y2M2YzcyIiwibmV0IjoiaHR0cHVwZ3JhZGUiLCJwYXRoIjoiL2QzZDNMbWx5WVc1b2IzTjBMbU52YlFcdTAwM2RcdTAwM2Q/ZWRcdTAwM2QyNTYwIiwicG9ydCI6IjIwOTUiLCJwcyI6Itqp2KfZhtmB24zaryDZvtix2LPYsdi52Kog2LHYp9uM2q/Yp9mG8J+Mi0B2bWVzYyIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJ0bHMiOiIiLCJ0eXBlIjoiLS0tIiwidiI6IjIifQ==‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚ù• MtnFree serviceüëáüëáüëáüëáüëá‚úÖ @vmesc
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxNDYuMTkuMTY4LjE2MSIsImFpZCI6IjAiLCJhbHBuIjoiIiwiZnAiOiJjaHJvbWUiLCJob3N0IjoiYXowNS5iZXlvbmR5LmNmZCIsImlkIjoiM2Y2MzhmMzQtOGRiYS00MTg2LWJjNDMtMjcxNmE3ZGRkNGJlIiwibmV0Ijoid3MiLCJwYXRoIjoiL2xpbmsiLCJwb3J0IjoiNDQzIiwicHMiOiJb8J+Hq/Cfh7dddC5tZS9Db25maWdzSHViIiwic2N5IjoiYXV0byIsInNuaSI6ImF6MDUuYmV5b25keS5jZmQiLCJ0bHMiOiJ0bHMiLCJ0eXBlIjoiIiwidiI6IjIifQ==œü ·¥õ·¥á ú Ä·¥Ä…¥ œü Íú± ú…™ Ä·¥Ä·¥¢ œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü ·¥ã·¥Ä Ä·¥Ä·¥ä œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #“ì Ä·¥Ä…¥·¥Ñ·¥á(“ì Ä)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess: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Country = #China(üá®üá≥)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiNjcuMjIwLjk0LjEzNyIsICJwb3J0IjogNTcxMjMsICJpZCI6ICJiNGQzYTgxYi1lYzBlLTRhMjctYTM1OS02ZGVhMGM0ZjFmNzUiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogIm5vbmUifQ==Country = #Canada(üá®üá¶)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlOVx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYSBERS0xOTMuMTA4LjExOC4xMzY6MTU3MTMiLCAiYWRkIjogIjE5My4xMDguMTE4LjEzNiIsICJwb3J0IjogMTU3MTMsICJpZCI6ICJmNzRlMjc3ZS04NGIzLTQ2YTItOGFiZC0yNzc3ZmE1ZTRhZjkiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogIm5vbmUifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMzQuMTk1LjE5OC4xNDciLAogICAgImFpZCI6IDAsCiAgICAiaG9zdCI6ICJpbm5hLmNmZCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiMDNmY2M2MTgtYjkzZC02Nzk2LTZhZWQtOGEzOGM5NzVkNTgxIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt2d3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+HqPCfh6ZDQS0xMzQuMTk1LjE5OC4xNDctNzUyOCIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNzIuNjcuMTg5LjI3IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAibnkyLXN1Yi45MzAucHAudWEiLAogICAgImlkIjogImYwODJlZWNhLWUwNjgtNDVmOS1kMWJmLTQ2ZTlkZTliZGY1NyIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9ueTItc3ViLjkzMC5wcC51YSIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDIwNTMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTE3Mi42Ny4xODkuMjctMDgxMiIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogZmFsc2UsCiAgICAic25pIjogIm55Mi1zdWIuOTMwLnBwLnVhIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYyBTRy02Mi4xNDYuMjMzLjc5OjQ0MTI3IiwgImFkZCI6ICI2Mi4xNDYuMjMzLjc5IiwgInBvcnQiOiA0NDEyNywgImlkIjogImFlMGZhODIyLTU4YmItNDgzZi05YWY1LWQ0MTdkOGMyM2IyMSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OQSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZjhcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZWEgU0UtMTY5LjE1MC4yMDguODM6MTgwMDAiLCAiYWRkIjogIjE2OS4xNTAuMjA4LjgzIiwgInBvcnQiOiAxODAwMCwgImFpZCI6IDAsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogImY4YzhkYzNkLTBkMzctNDZiMC04YjM0LWE3MjMyODgyZmNmZSJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTAzLjY3Ljc5LjE1NyIsICJwb3J0IjogNDUzNjUsICJpZCI6ICI3ZDJhNGU2Ni0xNTJjLTQ5ZjUtOWZmNS1jMTlhODM2ZThjODkiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogIm5vbmUifQ==Country = #Indonesia(üáÆüá©)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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Country = #The_Netherlands(üá≥üá±)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJiZTRhYzAzYy1zdW00ZzAtc3gxY3h4LTF0ZmprLnN2LnBsZWJhaS5uZXQiLAogICAgImFpZCI6IDIsCiAgICAiaG9zdCI6ICJicm9hZGNhc3Rsdi5jaGF0LmJpbGliaWxpLmNvbSIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNDkzOTZkOTgtZjRiNC0xMWVmLThjM2YtZjIzYzkxM2M4ZDJiIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDgwLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfh7rwn4e4VVMtMTk4LjIuMjQzLjUxLTA5MTYiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICIiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsCiAgICAic25pIjogIiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess: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ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJobXMyNi54cGVuZ21vdG9ycy5zYnMiLAogICAgImFpZCI6IDAsCiAgICAiaG9zdCI6ICJobXMyNi54cGVuZ21vdG9ycy5zYnMiLAogICAgImlkIjogImZiMGEyZGU2LWJmMDYtNGZmMC05N2NlLWMyMWFiY2RjMmQ1NSIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rd3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+Hq/Cfh7dGUi00NS4xNDUuMTY2LjIwOS01NTA3IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiaG1zMjYueHBlbmdtb3RvcnMuc2JzIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlNlx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmYSBBVS0xNTQuMjYuMTUzLjE2MToyMTc1OSIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTU0LjI2LjE1My4xNjEiLCAicG9ydCI6IDIxNzU5LCAiaWQiOiAiZTVmMTZmYWQtZjljMy00NTJiLThlNzEtYmM5NTA0ZTI5ZmM5IiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIiwgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIzOC4xNC4xMDcuMjI2IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiA2NCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogIiIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNDE4MDQ4YWYtYTI5My00Yjk5LTliMGMtOThjYTM1ODBkZDI0IiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL3BhdGgvMzQwNDM0MTMwMDMyIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogMzgwMDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+HuvCfh7hVUy0zOC4xNC4xMDcuMjI2LTU1MDMiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsCiAgICAic25pIjogIiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjEuMTguMjI3IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiamFoZmtqaGEuY2ZkIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICI5NTBkYjZhYS00OTI2LTQ2MTYtODE2ZS1lYzAzMTJkY2I4N2IiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfj4FSRUxBWS0xMDQuMjEuMTguMjI3LTc1NjEiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsCiAgICAic25pIjogIiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIwNmU2YjA3NS1zdW00ZzAtc3gxY3h4LTF0ZmprLmhrMy5wNXB2LmNvbSIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMiwKICAgICJob3N0IjogImJyb2FkY2FzdGx2LmNoYXQuYmlsaWJpbGkuY29tIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICI0OTM5NmQ5OC1mNGI0LTExZWYtOGMzZi1mMjNjOTEzYzhkMmIiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogODAsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+HrfCfh7BISy0xLjY1LjIwOC4xMjgtMjM0MSIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogIiIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxNzIuNjcuMTcwLjEwMyIsImFpZCI6IjAiLCJhbHBuIjoiaDMiLCJmcCI6ImNocm9tZSIsImhvc3QiOiJnbHdlaWRmLnNicyIsImlkIjoiNzYyMjFiZmItZTkyZi00ZTgwLTgxYzUtNmZlNDhmNTBhYzBiIiwibmV0Ijoid3MiLCJwYXRoIjoiL2xpbmt3cyIsInBvcnQiOiI0NDMiLCJwcyI6Ilvwn4eo8J+Hpl10Lm1lL0NvbmZpZ3NIdWIiLCJzY3kiOiJhdXRvIiwic25pIjoiZ2x3ZWlkZi5zYnMiLCJ0bHMiOiJ0bHMiLCJ0eXBlIjoiIiwidiI6IjIifQ==œü ·¥õ·¥á ú Ä·¥Ä…¥ œü Íú± ú…™ Ä·¥Ä·¥¢ œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü ·¥ã·¥Ä Ä·¥Ä·¥ä œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #·¥Ñ·¥Ä…¥·¥Ä·¥Ö·¥Ä(·¥Ñ·¥Ä)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTIwLjE5OC43MS4yMTQiLCAicG9ydCI6ICIzNDA5MyIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAiaWQiOiAiNDE4MDQ4YWYtYTI5My00Yjk5LTliMGMtOThjYTM1ODBkZDI0IiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICIifQ==Country = #China(üá®üá≥)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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 = #Canada(üá®üá¶)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiNDYuMjUwLjI1My4yMzQiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAiYWxwbiI6ICIiLCAiZnAiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjc2MmIzOTIzLTU4ODUtNGM1Zi04ODZmLWU2Mjc4ODUxMjMzOCIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiMjg4NzIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzbmkiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAidHlwZSI6ICIiLCAidiI6ICIyIn0=Country = #Japan(üáØüáµ)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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 = #Canada(üá®üá¶)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjYuMC45NSIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogIm9iZGlpLmNmZCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiMDU2NDFjZjUtNThkMi00YmE0LWE5ZjEtYjNjZGEwYjFmYjFkIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTA0LjI2LjAuOTUtNzQ3MCIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogZmFsc2UsCiAgICAic25pIjogIm9iZGlpLmNmZCIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMzEuMTI5LjEwNS4yMzkiLCAiYWlkIjogMCwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjc5M2UwM2NjLTJiMDgtNGQxYi1iYjBiLTU5MjU2N2QxOTA0MyIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgInBvcnQiOiAxNjIzMSwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGQxMiBWTS1XUy1OQSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZjdcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZmEgUlUtMzEuMTI5LjEwNS4yMzk6MTYyMzEiLCAidGxzIjogIiIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwgInNuaSI6ICIifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OQSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZWZcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZjUgSlAtMTMuMjMwLjIzNS4yNDc6NDg4ODkiLCAiYWRkIjogIjEzLjIzMC4yMzUuMjQ3IiwgInBvcnQiOiAiNDg4ODkiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgImlkIjogImMxMzBjYjM2LWM5M2YtNGJlNy05MjI4LWE3YTk3ZDQzODg1YSIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsICJob3N0IjogImd5LnlvdWFyZW15Z29kLnRvcCIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlNiBDQS0yMy4xNjIuMjAwLjkxOjIwMTgyIiwgImFkZCI6ICIyMy4xNjIuMjAwLjkxIiwgInBvcnQiOiAyMDE4MiwgImlkIjogImNjOWI2NmI3LTFkZTctNGFhOS05NjQyLTU3NWE4YWUzZmYxOSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNzIuNjcuMTUzLjE1NiIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogInVzd3V4aWFuLnBhaTUwMjg4LnVrIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICJjMzEzNjA2Zi05OGMyLTRkN2ItYmE3NC00OGI5NGY2MWIxMWQiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogODQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTcyLjY3LjE1My4xNTYtMDMwNyIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmYVx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOCBVUy01MS44MS4yMDMuNTc6Mjg4NjAiLCAiYWRkIjogIjUxLjgxLjIwMy41NyIsICJwb3J0IjogMjg4NjAsICJpZCI6ICIxNzg0NDk3ZC0wM2ExLTQwYmItYmI4Yi1kZTRmZmFjN2M1OWMiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogIm5vbmUifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjEuOTQuMTY4IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNjJhYTVmODAtMDMyOC00MDA0LWEzNzUtN2Y1YTU5ZGY0MDIyIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTA0LjIxLjk0LjE2OC03NDQ4IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICIiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYyBTRy02Mi4xNDYuMjMzLjExMjozNjcxMiIsICJhZGQiOiAiNjIuMTQ2LjIzMy4xMTIiLCAicG9ydCI6IDM2NzEyLCAiaWQiOiAiOTI2NmRmNDItMDgzMC00OGMyLTg1MDktNGM1N2IzMGZlMjlkIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNzIuNjcuNzEuMTYwIiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAib2JkaWkuY2ZkIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICIwNTY0MWNmNS01OGQyLTRiYTQtYTlmMS1iM2NkYTBiMWZiMWQiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfj4FSRUxBWS0xNzIuNjcuNzEuMTYwLTc0NzkiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJvYmRpaS5jZmQiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMzguMTQuMTA3LjIyNSIsICJwb3J0IjogMzgwMDMsICJhaWQiOiA2NCwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogInRscyIsICJpZCI6ICI0MTgwNDhhZi1hMjkzLTRiOTktOWIwYy05OGNhMzU4MGRkMjQiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJ3d3cuMjMxNzk3NTMueHl6IiwgInBhdGgiOiAiL3BhdGgvMTgxNzIxMjcyMTE0In0=Country = #United_States(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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 = #France(üá´üá∑)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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 = #France(üá´üá∑)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTU0LjgzLjIuOTAiLCAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywgImFpZCI6IDAsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLCAiaWQiOiAiOTUwZGI2YWEtNDkyNi00NjE2LTgxNmUtZWMwMzEyZGNiODdiIiwgInNuaSI6ICJqYWhma2poYS5jZmQiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJqYWhma2poYS5jZmQiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIn0=Country = #Seychelles(üá∏üá®)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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Country = #France(üá´üá∑)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNzIuNjcuMTMxLjE3IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNjJhYTVmODAtMDMyOC00MDA0LWEzNzUtN2Y1YTU5ZGY0MDIyIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTcyLjY3LjEzMS4xNy03NDM2IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlY1x1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlNyBHQi0xNDkuNy4xNi4xNDk6MzcxMDEiLCAiYWRkIjogIjE0OS43LjE2LjE0OSIsICJwb3J0IjogMzcxMDEsICJpZCI6ICJmYjNmYzI0My00Njk4LTQ5YzQtOGM0NC0wNDE1ZjY4YTRkMjUiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogIm5vbmUifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMTcuMjEzLjU3IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAieG1pdmlkZW8uY2ZkIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICI5M2VhNDg2YS1iYWRhLTQyYTQtYWMzOC1kMDg4YjMyMGZhMWUiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfj4FSRUxBWS0xMDQuMTcuMjEzLjU3LTc0NDMiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJ4bWl2aWRlby5jZmQiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlNiBDQS02Ny4yMjAuOTQuMTM3OjU3MTIzIiwgImFkZCI6ICI2Ny4yMjAuOTQuMTM3IiwgInBvcnQiOiA1NzEyMywgImlkIjogImI0ZDNhODFiLWVjMGUtNGEyNy1hMzU5LTZkZWEwYzRmMWY3NSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmM1x1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmMSBOTC0xODUuMjIxLjIxOS4yMDo0Nzg1NiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTg1LjIyMS4yMTkuMjAiLCAicG9ydCI6IDQ3ODU2LCAiaWQiOiAiMDY1MDE2MTQtMmNkZS00NTg5LWI3NWYtOGRmODk1ZTY1YjNjIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIyMy4xNTguNTYuMTg0IiwiYWlkIjoiMCIsImFscG4iOiIiLCJmcCI6IiIsImhvc3QiOiIiLCJpZCI6IjA0NjIxYmFlLWFiMzYtMTFlYy1iOTA5LTAyNDJhYzEyMDAwMiIsIm5ldCI6InRjcCIsInBhdGgiOiIiLCJwb3J0IjoiMjIzMjQiLCJwcyI6Itqp2KfZhtmB24zaryDZvtix2LPYsdi52Kog2LHYp9uM2q/Yp9mG8J+Mi0B2bWVzYyIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJ0bHMiOiIiLCJ0eXBlIjoibm9uZSIsInYiOiIyIn0=‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚ù• MciFree serviceüëáüëáüëáüëáüëá‚úÖ @vmesc
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTY5LjE1MC4yMDguODMiLCAicG9ydCI6IDE4MDAwLCAiYWlkIjogMCwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAiaWQiOiAiZjhjOGRjM2QtMGQzNy00NmIwLThiMzQtYTcyMzI4ODJmY2ZlIn0=Country = #Sweden(üá∏üá™)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTQ5LjcuMTYuMTQ5IiwgInBvcnQiOiAzNzEwMSwgImlkIjogImZiM2ZjMjQzLTQ2OTgtNDljNC04YzQ0LTA0MTVmNjhhNGQyNSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9Country = #United_Kingdom(üá¨üáß)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiNTcuMTI5LjI0LjE0MSIsICJwb3J0IjogIjQ0MyIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAiaWQiOiAiMDNmY2M2MTgtYjkzZC02Nzk2LTZhZWQtOGEzOGM5NzVkNTgxIiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rdndzIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMifQ==Country = #Germany(üá©üá™)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAidXMydm1lc3Mucm5tY25tLmNvbSIsICJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJwb3J0IjogODAsICJpZCI6ICI3ZjhhMWJiOS1iZWUwLTQwYTgtZjkwOC0yMWE2NWRhMGYzY2MiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLzEyM3F3ZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIn0=Country = #US(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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 = #Germany(üá©üá™)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJQYXJzVmRzLmlyIiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiZ2x3ZWlkZi5zYnMiLAogICAgImlkIjogIjc2MjIxYmZiLWU5MmYtNGU4MC04MWM1LTZmZTQ4ZjUwYWMwYiIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rd3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTEwNC4yMS45NC4xNjgtMTEzOSIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTA0LjIxLjE2LjEiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAiYWxwbiI6ICIiLCAiZnAiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjdmOGExYmI5LWJlZTAtNDBhOC1mOTA4LTIxYTY1ZGEwZjNjYyIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvMTIzcXdlIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiODAiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVdTLU5BIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGZmNFx1MjAwZFx1MjYyMFx1ZmUwZiBOQS0xMDQuMjEuMTYuMTo4MCIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzbmkiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAidHlwZSI6ICItLS0iLCAidiI6ICIyIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIyMy4xNjIuMjAwLjIyNyIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogIiIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiMDNmY2M2MTgtYjkzZC02Nzk2LTZhZWQtOGEzOGM5NzVkNTgxIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt2d3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+HqPCfh6ZDQS0yMy4xNjIuMjAwLjIyNy03NDQ3IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICIiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxODguMTE0Ljk3Ljc5IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAibGluZGUwNi5pbmRpYXZpZGVvLnNicyIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiZWRiYjEwNTktMTYzMy00MjcxLWI2NmUtZWQ0ZmJhNDdhMWJmIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTg4LjExNC45Ny43OS03NDQwIiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAibGluZGUwNi5pbmRpYXZpZGVvLnNicyIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTA0LjIxLjk2LjEiLCAiYWlkIjogMCwgImhvc3QiOiAiZGUwMS5zaC1jbG91ZGZsYXJlLnNicyIsICJpZCI6ICI3NWEwODg1Zi0wY2E1LTQyYTQtODY1MS0zOTFjZjgxOTMxNTQiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsICJwb3J0IjogMjA5NiwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGQxMiBWTS1XUy1UTFMgXHVkODNjXHVkZmY0XHUyMDBkXHUyNjIwXHVmZTBmIE5BLTEwNC4yMS45Ni4xOjIwOTYiLCAidGxzIjogInRscyIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwgInNuaSI6ICJkZTAxLnNoLWNsb3VkZmxhcmUuc2JzIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjoiMiIsInBzIjoiRC1GQUlUSC02MjI3IiwiYWRkIjoiMTY3LjcxLjI1MC4xMTUiLCJwb3J0IjoiODg4MSIsImlkIjoiZGI1YWZhZTQtYWMyMy00MWE2LTgzNzgtZjMwN2E5YTQ3NDM2IiwiYWlkIjoiMCIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJuZXQiOiJ0Y3AiLCJ0eXBlIjoiaHR0cCIsImhvc3QiOiJtb2kuaXIiLCJwYXRoIjoiLyIsInRscyI6Im5vbmUiLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJhbHBuIjoiIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess: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 = #Moldova(üá≤üá©)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYyBTRy0xNTQuMjYuMTM3LjQyOjQ0MTA0IiwgImFkZCI6ICIxNTQuMjYuMTM3LjQyIiwgInBvcnQiOiA0NDEwNCwgImlkIjogImU5OTMzYTRjLWU1NmUtNDU4Yy1iY2Y0LTljYjM4NzViYmE1NSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmM1x1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmMSBOTC0xNzIuOTkuMTg4LjE5MDo0NzkyNSIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTcyLjk5LjE4OC4xOTAiLCAicG9ydCI6IDQ3OTI1LCAiaWQiOiAiZjU4ZmZkYTItM2VmYy00OWE1LTkwNDctZjhjMmY5M2M1NzVkIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYlx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmNyBGUi0zOC4xMDkuMjI4LjE2MzoyNzA2MCIsICJhZGQiOiAiMzguMTA5LjIyOC4xNjMiLCAicG9ydCI6IDI3MDYwLCAiaWQiOiAiNzFkYTQwYjktYzIwZS00YTZlLTgwY2ItYzgxNDFmNjkzNTI2IiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNTIuNjcuMjUxLjIzMiIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogImlydmlkZW8uY2ZkIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICJlNTM3ZjJmNS0yYTBjLTRmNTktOTJjOS04MzJjYTY0MzNiZjMiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfh7rwn4e4VVMtMTUyLjY3LjI1MS4yMzItNzQzNSIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogZmFsc2UsCiAgICAic25pIjogImlydmlkZW8uY2ZkIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiJhbGlwLmNvbSIsImFpZCI6IjAiLCJhbHBuIjoiIiwiZnAiOiIiLCJob3N0IjoiIiwiaWQiOiJiNGMxZGQ2Mi1mMGRkLTRhNmYtOGU4NS1lNDI5M2EzMzgxODciLCJuZXQiOiJ0Y3AiLCJwYXRoIjoiIiwicG9ydCI6Ijg2NDMiLCJwcyI6Ilvwn4+BXXQubWUvQ29uZmlnc0h1YiIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJ0bHMiOiIiLCJ0eXBlIjoibm9uZSIsInYiOiIyIn0=œü ·¥õ·¥á ú Ä·¥Ä…¥ œü Íú± ú…™ Ä·¥Ä·¥¢ œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü ·¥ã·¥Ä Ä·¥Ä·¥ä œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: # ô Ä…™·¥õ…™s ú·¥†…™ Ä…¢…™…¥…™s ü·¥Ä…¥·¥Ös(·¥†…¢)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiNjUuMTA5LjE5Mi4yNDQiLCAicG9ydCI6IDI5ODc4LCAiaWQiOiAiNDJjZjZhMmEtZmM1Yy00MjJjLTg4YzQtYzJjZTE3MmEyMWE2IiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=Country = #Finland(üá´üáÆ)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiNDYuMjkuMTY2LjIzNyIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJhbHBuIjogIiIsICJmcCI6ICIiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICIiLCAiaWQiOiAiMGM0OWNkMTktMjc1OC00ZDM4LWU2YTgtMTFmMmQ2NjM1ODYwIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIiLCAicG9ydCI6ICI0NzU1NSIsICJwcyI6ICJcdWQ4M2RcdWRmZTNcdWQ4M2RcdWRkMjUrXHUwNmE5XHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2XHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ0K1x1MDYzM1x1MDYzMVx1MDY0OFx1MDYzMStcdTA2MzFcdTA2MjdcdTA2Y2NcdTA2YWZcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDYrQEZhcmFoVlBOIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNuaSI6ICIiLCAidGxzIjogIiIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidiI6ICIyIn0=Country = #Russia(üá∑üá∫)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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Country = #Poland(üáµüá±)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAicHEtYnJhemlsMS4wOXZwbi5jb20iLCAicG9ydCI6ICI4MCIsICJpZCI6ICJjMDRjM2IzNC03MGZkLTRmZWMtOTYzZS1jMTJkMDlmMzZiZWYiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgImhvc3QiOiAicHEtYnJhemlsMS4wOXZwbi5jb20iLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvdm1lc3MvIn0=Country = #Brazil(üáßüá∑)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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Country = #Spain(üá™üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiNjUuMTA5LjE5Mi4yNDQiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAiYWxwbiI6ICIiLCAiZnAiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjg3MGFhZGZmLTNlYWMtNGQ5Zi1hMjFhLWMxYTAxNjY0YThjOCIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiNTI2MzUiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzbmkiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ2IjogIjIifQ==Country = #Finland(üá´üáÆ)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxODguMTE0Ljk5LjE4MyIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogImxpbmRlMDYuaW5kaWF2aWRlby5zYnMiLAogICAgImlkIjogImVkYmIxMDU5LTE2MzMtNDI3MS1iNjZlLWVkNGZiYTQ3YTFiZiIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rd3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTE4OC4xMTQuOTkuMTgzLTc0MjAiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJsaW5kZTA2LmluZGlhdmlkZW8uc2JzIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYyBTRy02Mi4xNDYuMjMyLjE1Nzo1Mjg1NiIsICJhZGQiOiAiNjIuMTQ2LjIzMi4xNTciLCAicG9ydCI6IDUyODU2LCAiaWQiOiAiZWQ1NGUzODgtYmZjNS00YjM2LWFlNGQtOGIzY2Q0NjBkM2Q0IiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIiwgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjEuOTQuMTY4IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNjJhYTVmODAtMDMyOC00MDA0LWEzNzUtN2Y1YTU5ZGY0MDIyIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTA0LjIxLjk0LjE2OC03NDU5IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICIiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess: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Country = #United_States(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIzOC4xNC4xMDcuMjI1IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiA2NCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogInd3dy4yMzE3OTc1My54eXoiLAogICAgImlkIjogIjQxODA0OGFmLWEyOTMtNGI5OS05YjBjLTk4Y2EzNTgwZGQyNCIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9wYXRoLzE4MTcyMTI3MjExNCIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDM4MDAzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfh7rwn4e4VVMtMzguMTQuMTA3LjIyNS03NDk4IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICIiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjEuMTguMjI3IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiamFoZmtqaGEuY2ZkIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICI5NTBkYjZhYS00OTI2LTQ2MTYtODE2ZS1lYzAzMTJkY2I4N2IiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfj4FSRUxBWS0xMDQuMjEuMTguMjI3LTc1MjAiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsCiAgICAic25pIjogIiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjoiMiIsInBzIjoiRC1GT1gtMjA4OCIsImFkZCI6IjEzOC4xOTcuMS4yMjIiLCJwb3J0IjoiODg4MSIsImlkIjoiZGI1YWZhZTQtYWMyMy00MWE2LTgzNzgtZjMwN2E5YTQ3NDM2IiwiYWlkIjoiMCIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJuZXQiOiJ0Y3AiLCJ0eXBlIjoiaHR0cCIsImhvc3QiOiJtb2kuaXIiLCJwYXRoIjoiLyIsInRscyI6Im5vbmUiLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJhbHBuIjoiIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxODUuMTQ2LjE3My4xNTgiLCJhaWQiOiIwIiwiYWxwbiI6IiIsImZwIjoiIiwiaG9zdCI6ImphaGZramhhLmNmZCIsImlkIjoiOTUwZGI2YWEtNDkyNi00NjE2LTgxNmUtZWMwMzEyZGNiODdiIiwibmV0Ijoid3MiLCJwYXRoIjoiL2xpbmt3cyIsInBvcnQiOiI0NDMiLCJwcyI6Ilvwn4e48J+Hql10Lm1lL0NvbmZpZ3NIdWIiLCJzY3kiOiJhdXRvIiwic25pIjoiamFoZmtqaGEuY2ZkIiwidGxzIjoidGxzIiwidHlwZSI6IiIsInYiOiIyIn0=œü ·¥õ·¥á ú Ä·¥Ä…¥ œü Íú± ú…™ Ä·¥Ä·¥¢ œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü ·¥ã·¥Ä Ä·¥Ä·¥ä œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #s·¥°·¥á·¥Ö·¥á…¥(s·¥á)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiczIuZGItbGluazAyLnRvcCIsICJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJwb3J0IjogODA4MCwgImlkIjogIjRiMzY2MjVjLWI5ZDktM2VhNi1hZWQ1LTg2ZDYyYzcwZTE2ZCIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAidHlwZSI6ICIiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICIxMDAtMTE5LTE1MS0yNDguczIuZGItbGluazAyLnRvcCIsICJwYXRoIjogIi9kYWJhaS5pbjE3Mi42NC40MS4xNTAiLCAidGxzIjogIiJ9Country = #US(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTcyLjk5LjE4OC4xOTAiLCAicG9ydCI6IDQ3OTI1LCAiaWQiOiAiZjU4ZmZkYTItM2VmYy00OWE1LTkwNDctZjhjMmY5M2M1NzVkIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=Country = #The_Netherlands(üá≥üá±)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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Country = #Canada(üá®üá¶)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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Country = #Germany(üá©üá™)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTcwLjExNC40NS41MiIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJhbHBuIjogIiIsICJmcCI6ICIiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJ1c3RvdWNqam5pZDE4c2o2dXMubG92ZWJhaXBpYW8uY29tIiwgImlkIjogIjkxOTliZjc4LTg3NjItNGVjNS05YjdmLTA3Mzk2YjcxZTlkNCIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiMjA4NiIsICJwcyI6ICJcdWQ4M2RcdWRkMTIgVk0tV1MtTkEgXHVkODNjXHVkZGZhXHVkODNjXHVkZGY4IFVTLTE3MC4xMTQuNDUuNTI6MjA4NiIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzbmkiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAidHlwZSI6ICIiLCAidiI6ICIyIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess: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ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMzcuMjcuMTgyLjEwOSIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJob3N0IjogIiIsICJpZCI6ICJiM2E2NDM1Yi1mZWFlLTQxZjQtYTZiOC1jZjNjMDllNTM2ZTEiLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJwYXRoIjogIiIsICJwb3J0IjogMzM3OCwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGQxMiBWTS1UQ1AtTk9ORSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZWJcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZWUgRkktMzcuMjcuMTgyLjEwOTozMzc4IiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiIiwgInYiOiAiMiJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxODguMTE0Ljk3Ljc5IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAibGluZGUwNi5pbmRpYXZpZGVvLnNicyIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiZWRiYjEwNTktMTYzMy00MjcxLWI2NmUtZWQ0ZmJhNDdhMWJmIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTg4LjExNC45Ny43OS03NTE3IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAibGluZGUwNi5pbmRpYXZpZGVvLnNicyIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTA0LjIxLjgyLjE4MyIsICJhaWQiOiAwLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJzZXJ2ZXIyNi5iZWhlc2h0YmFuZWguY29tIiwgImlkIjogIjVhNzAyMWUwLTI2YjQtNDVkNi1iMTc1LWZlNTUxNjAxY2E5NyIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgInBvcnQiOiA4ODgwLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVdTLU5BIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGZmNFx1MjAwZFx1MjYyMFx1ZmUwZiBOQS0xMDQuMjEuODIuMTgzOjg4ODAiLCAidGxzIjogIiIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwgInNuaSI6ICIifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjEuOTQuMTY4IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNjJhYTVmODAtMDMyOC00MDA0LWEzNzUtN2Y1YTU5ZGY0MDIyIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTA0LjIxLjk0LjE2OC03NTUwIiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICIiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess: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 = #The_Netherlands(üá≥üá±)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJ1czAxLnNoLWNsb3VkZmxhcmUuc2JzIiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAidXMwMS5zaC1jbG91ZGZsYXJlLnNicyIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiOTE0NTg0ZWUtMzUxNS00NmFjLWEwOWQtNDY3N2EyZTlkYzlhIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDg0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTEwNC4yMS4zMi4xLTA3NjQiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJ1czAxLnNoLWNsb3VkZmxhcmUuc2JzIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlZVx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmMyBJTi05NC4xMzYuMTg0LjE1NTozOTI1MyIsICJhZGQiOiAiOTQuMTM2LjE4NC4xNTUiLCAicG9ydCI6IDM5MjUzLCAiaWQiOiAiNjliNDlhMzUtY2Y1NS00ZDE0LTlmMmItZDdjZTNhMGRiNzJlIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmYVx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOCBVUy0xNS4yMDQuMjQ4LjkyOjMwNTYyIiwgImFkZCI6ICIxNS4yMDQuMjQ4LjkyIiwgInBvcnQiOiAzMDU2MiwgImlkIjogIjgyNDY2NzE1LTZhNTgtNDA0Ni1hMzYzLWEwZDE4ZTViMmFiNCIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAidXN3dXhpYW4ucGFpNTAyODgudWsiLCAidiI6ICIyIiwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGZlM1x1ZDgzZFx1ZGQyNStcdTA2YTlcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDZcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDQrXHUwNjMzXHUwNjMxXHUwNjQ4XHUwNjMxK1x1MDYzMVx1MDYyN1x1MDZjY1x1MDZhZlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NitARmFyYWhWUE4iLCAicG9ydCI6IDg0NDMsICJpZCI6ICJjMzEzNjA2Zi05OGMyLTRkN2ItYmE3NC00OGI5NGY2MWIxMWQiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAidXN3dXhpYW4ucGFpNTAyODgudWsiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMifQ==Country = #US(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTcyLjk5LjE4OC41NSIsICJwb3J0IjogMTcyODQsICJpZCI6ICJlNGVmZTEyZC05N2MwLTRmZDctYmZkNC0wNjlmZjA0ZThkNDQiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogIm5vbmUifQ==Country = #The_Netherlands(üá≥üá±)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiODguMTk4LjE3Mi4yNSIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJhbHBuIjogIiIsICJmcCI6ICIiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICIiLCAiaWQiOiAiZTdlYjQ3MmUtZGM4My00OWQ1LWJlNWUtODJhNzlhMjEyNGVlIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJncnBjIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiSmJpQjhWNjZWNzhIZjViaXZmc2lzOHZIIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiMTUxNDUiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLUdSUEMtTkEgXHVkODNjXHVkZGU5XHVkODNjXHVkZGVhIERFLTg4LjE5OC4xNzIuMjU6MTUxNDUiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAic25pIjogIiIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiZ3VuIiwgInYiOiAiMiJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMjMuMTYyLjIwMC45MSIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJob3N0IjogIiIsICJpZCI6ICJjYzliNjZiNy0xZGU3LTRhYTktOTY0Mi01NzVhOGFlM2ZmMTkiLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJwYXRoIjogIiIsICJwb3J0IjogIjIwMTgyIiwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGQxMiBWTS1UQ1AtTkEgXHVkODNjXHVkZGU4XHVkODNjXHVkZGU2IENBLTIzLjE2Mi4yMDAuOTE6MjAxODIiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAic25pIjogIiIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiIiwgInYiOiAiMiJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNzIuNjcuMTYxLjc3IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAibGluZGUwNi5pbmRpYXZpZGVvLnNicyIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiZWRiYjEwNTktMTYzMy00MjcxLWI2NmUtZWQ0ZmJhNDdhMWJmIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTcyLjY3LjE2MS43Ny03NTYyIiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAibGluZGUwNi5pbmRpYXZpZGVvLnNicyIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICI2YThlMGNhMi1zdWN2NDAtdDgybzV0LWxidzUuaGsucDVwdi5jb20iLAogICAgImFpZCI6IDIsCiAgICAiaG9zdCI6ICJicm9hZGNhc3Rsdi5jaGF0LmJpbGliaWxpLmNvbSIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiMGU1MTFmNTAtNzkzZi0xMWVhLWI4NzMtZjIzYzkxY2ZiYmM5IiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDgwLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfh63wn4ewSEstMS42NS4yMTguMTI5LTA5MTciLAogICAgInRscyI6ICIiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsCiAgICAic25pIjogIiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJzMi5kYi1saW5rMDEudG9wIiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiMTAwLTEzMC0xMzYtNTAuczIuZGItbGluazAxLnRvcCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNGIzNjYyNWMtYjlkOS0zZWE2LWFlZDUtODZkNjJjNzBlMTZkIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2RhYmFpLmluMTA0LjIxLjEzMy4xMiIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDIwOTUsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTEwNC4xNy4yMTMuMjQxLTA4OTEiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICIiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsCiAgICAic25pIjogIiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJueTEtZGFzaC44OTA2OTkueHl6IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAibnkxLWRhc2guODkwNjk5Lnh5eiIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNjU4Yjg3ZTAtNWQ5Mi00NDI0LWQzNDQtYzE2N2FjZDZhNzdmIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL255MS1zdWIuODkwNjk5Lnh5eiIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDIwOTYsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTEwNC4yMS4zMi4xLTU2OTYiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJueTEtc3ViLjg5MDY5OS54eXoiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiI0Ni4yOS4xNjYuMjM3IiwiYWlkIjoiMCIsImFscG4iOiIiLCJmcCI6IiIsImhvc3QiOiIiLCJpZCI6IjBjNDljZDE5LTI3NTgtNGQzOC1lNmE4LTExZjJkNjYzNTg2MCIsIm5ldCI6InRjcCIsInBhdGgiOiIiLCJwb3J0IjoiNDc1NTUiLCJwcyI6Itiz2LHZiNixINix2KfbjNqv2KfZhiDZvtix2LPYsdi52Krwn4yKIEB2bWVzc19pciIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJ0bHMiOiIiLCJ0eXBlIjoibm9uZSIsInYiOiIyIn0=ŸÖÿÆÿµŸàÿµ ÿß€åÿ±ÿßŸÜÿ≥ŸÑ Ÿà ÿ±ÿß€åÿ™ŸÑ‚úÖÿ≠ÿ™ŸÖÿß ÿ®Ÿá ÿßÿ¥ÿ™ÿ±ÿß⁄© ÿ®ÿ≤ÿßÿ±€åÿØ ‚úÖ@vmess_irüöÄüöÄüí¨üí¨üí¨üì∑üì∑üí¨üì∫üì∫üí¨üòçÿØÿ± ÿµŸàÿ±ÿ™ ÿßÿ™ÿµÿßŸÑ ÿ≠ÿ™ŸÖÿß ÿØÿ± ÿ±€å⁄©ÿ¥ŸÜ Ÿáÿß ÿ¥ÿ±⁄©ÿ™ ⁄©ŸÜ€åÿØüòç
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxMDcuMTQ4LjIwNy4yNDkiLCJhaWQiOiIwIiwiYWxwbiI6IiIsImZwIjoiIiwiaG9zdCI6ImFwcHN2cy5zaG9wIiwiaWQiOiI0MTgwNDhhZi1hMjkzLTRiOTktOWIwYy05OGNhMzU4MGRkMjQiLCJuZXQiOiJ0Y3AiLCJwYXRoIjoiLyIsInBvcnQiOiI0ODcxMiIsInBzIjoiW/Cfh7rwn4e4XXQubWUvQ29uZmlnc0h1YiIsImlkIjoiNDE4MDQ4YWYtYTI5My00Yjk5LTliMGMtOThjYTM1ODBkZDI0IiwibmV0IjoidGNwIiwicGF0aCI6Ii8iLCJwb3J0IjoiNDg3MTIiLCJwcyI6IldpRmktQFYycmF5X0FscGhhLTE0Iiwic2N5IjoiYXV0byIsInNuaSI6IiIsInRscyI6IiIsInR5cGUiOiJub25lIiwidiI6IjIifQ==œü ·¥õ·¥á ú Ä·¥Ä…¥ œü Íú± ú…™ Ä·¥Ä·¥¢ œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü ·¥ã·¥Ä Ä·¥Ä·¥ä œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #·¥ú…¥…™·¥õ·¥á·¥Ös·¥õ·¥Ä·¥õ·¥ás(·¥ús)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxODYuMTkwLjIxNS45MyIsImFpZCI6IjAiLCJhbHBuIjoiIiwiZnAiOiIiLCJob3N0IjoiIiwiaWQiOiIwNDYyMWJhZS1hYjM2LTExZWMtYjkwOS0wMjQyYWMxMjAwMDIiLCJuZXQiOiJ0Y3AiLCJwYXRoIjoiIiwicG9ydCI6IjIyMzI0IiwicHMiOiJb8J+PgV10Lm1lL0NvbmZpZ3NIdWIiLCJzY3kiOiJhdXRvIiwic25pIjoiIiwidGxzIjoiIiwidHlwZSI6Im5vbmUiLCJ2IjoiMiJ9œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #s·¥°…™·¥õ·¥¢·¥á Ä ü·¥Ä…¥·¥Ö(·¥Ñ ú)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIyMy4xNTguNTYuMjEiLCJhaWQiOiIwIiwiYWxwbiI6IiIsImZwIjoiIiwiaG9zdCI6IiIsImlkIjoiNmVlZjM0NDgtYmJjMC00OTMzLTg5NGEtNzJiM2U4Nzg2MTA5IiwibmV0IjoidGNwIiwicGF0aCI6IiIsInBvcnQiOiI0ODk2MSIsInBzIjoiW/Cfh6nwn4eqXXQubWUvQ29uZmlnc0h1YiIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJ0bHMiOiIiLCJ0eXBlIjoibm9uZSIsInYiOiIyIn0=œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #…¢·¥á Ä·¥ç·¥Ä…¥ è(·¥Ö·¥á)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiNTEuNzkuMTAyLjI1MyIsICJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJwb3J0IjogODAsICJpZCI6ICI1OGZlMTU0Mi01MjkwLTQwYWQtODE1YS03NzcwN2E4MWFmZTUiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiL0lPZWJoTE1obDFDVGJGSGJMOTVteWZSWDIiLCAidGxzIjogIiJ9Country = #Canada(üá®üá¶)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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Country = #Germany(üá©üá™)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAidXN3dXhpYW4ucGFpNTAyODgudWsiLCAidiI6ICIyIiwgInBvcnQiOiA4NDQzLCAiaWQiOiAiYzMxMzYwNmYtOThjMi00ZDdiLWJhNzQtNDhiOTRmNjFiMTFkIiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsICJ0eXBlIjogIiIsICJob3N0IjogInVzd3V4aWFuLnBhaTUwMjg4LnVrIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGZlM1x1ZDgzZFx1ZGQyNStcdTA2YTlcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDZcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDQrXHUwNjMzXHUwNjMxXHUwNjQ4XHUwNjMxK1x1MDYzMVx1MDYyN1x1MDZjY1x1MDZhZlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NitARmFyYWhWUE4ifQ==Country = #US(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYlx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmNyBGUi0zOC4xMDkuMjI4LjIxNDoxNDg1NCIsICJhZGQiOiAiMzguMTA5LjIyOC4yMTQiLCAicG9ydCI6IDE0ODU0LCAiaWQiOiAiZjBhMjE0YmEtMmE0Zi00ZjIyLWIzNDItMDMxMjM3MjZhYjI3IiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxODguMTE0Ljk5LjE4MyIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogImxpbmRlMDYuaW5kaWF2aWRlby5zYnMiLAogICAgImlkIjogImVkYmIxMDU5LTE2MzMtNDI3MS1iNjZlLWVkNGZiYTQ3YTFiZiIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rd3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTE4OC4xMTQuOTkuMTgzLTc1NDMiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJsaW5kZTA2LmluZGlhdmlkZW8uc2JzIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJmazItYmFzaC44OTA2MTcueHl6IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiZmsyLWJhc2guODkwNjE3Lnh5eiIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiZmVkZGMzMjYtZGE3MC00ZmFiLTk1YTktOGY5OGJlNmRhNjMzIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2ZrMi0xIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogMjA4NywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTcyLjY3LjE1OS41Ni01NjI0IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiZmsyLWJhc2guODkwNjE3Lnh5eiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICI1MS43Ny4yMC4xMzciLAogICAgImFpZCI6IDAsCiAgICAiaG9zdCI6ICJ0aWxlYmFuaS5jb20iLAogICAgImlkIjogIjAzZmNjNjE4LWI5M2QtNjc5Ni02YWVkLThhMzhjOTc1ZDU4MSIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rdndzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfh6vwn4e3RlItNTEuNzcuMjAuMTM3LTc1NzkiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsCiAgICAic25pIjogIiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxMDQuMTkuMTUwLjEwIiwiYWlkIjoiMCIsImFscG4iOiIiLCJmcCI6IiIsImhvc3QiOiJtY2kubXRuLmlyLmNvbS5vcmcubmV0Lm9tMi5tdXNpY2ZhMTIzLmlyLiIsImlkIjoiOTRmMzMyYjAtYzVkMy00NTMxLWExZDYtNmU2MzU4Y2M2YzcyIiwibmV0IjoiaHR0cHVwZ3JhZGUiLCJwYXRoIjoiL2QzZDNMbWx5WVc1b2IzTjBMbU52YlFcdTAwM2RcdTAwM2Q/ZWRcdTAwM2QyNTYwIiwicG9ydCI6IjIwOTUiLCJwcyI6Itqp2KfZhtmB24zaryDZvtix2LPYsdi52Kog2LHYp9uM2q/Yp9mG8J+Mi0B2bWVzYyIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJ0bHMiOiIiLCJ0eXBlIjoiLS0tIiwidiI6IjIifQ==‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚ù• MtnFree serviceüëáüëáüëáüëáüëá‚úÖ @vmesc
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxNDYuMTkuMTY4LjE2MSIsImFpZCI6IjAiLCJhbHBuIjoiIiwiZnAiOiJjaHJvbWUiLCJob3N0IjoiYXowNS5iZXlvbmR5LmNmZCIsImlkIjoiM2Y2MzhmMzQtOGRiYS00MTg2LWJjNDMtMjcxNmE3ZGRkNGJlIiwibmV0Ijoid3MiLCJwYXRoIjoiL2xpbmsiLCJwb3J0IjoiNDQzIiwicHMiOiJb8J+Hq/Cfh7dddC5tZS9Db25maWdzSHViIiwic2N5IjoiYXV0byIsInNuaSI6ImF6MDUuYmV5b25keS5jZmQiLCJ0bHMiOiJ0bHMiLCJ0eXBlIjoiIiwidiI6IjIifQ==œü ·¥õ·¥á ú Ä·¥Ä…¥ œü Íú± ú…™ Ä·¥Ä·¥¢ œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü ·¥ã·¥Ä Ä·¥Ä·¥ä œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #“ì Ä·¥Ä…¥·¥Ñ·¥á(“ì Ä)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess: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Country = #China(üá®üá≥)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiNjcuMjIwLjk0LjEzNyIsICJwb3J0IjogNTcxMjMsICJpZCI6ICJiNGQzYTgxYi1lYzBlLTRhMjctYTM1OS02ZGVhMGM0ZjFmNzUiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogIm5vbmUifQ==Country = #Canada(üá®üá¶)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlOVx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYSBERS0xOTMuMTA4LjExOC4xMzY6MTU3MTMiLCAiYWRkIjogIjE5My4xMDguMTE4LjEzNiIsICJwb3J0IjogMTU3MTMsICJpZCI6ICJmNzRlMjc3ZS04NGIzLTQ2YTItOGFiZC0yNzc3ZmE1ZTRhZjkiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogIm5vbmUifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMzQuMTk1LjE5OC4xNDciLAogICAgImFpZCI6IDAsCiAgICAiaG9zdCI6ICJpbm5hLmNmZCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiMDNmY2M2MTgtYjkzZC02Nzk2LTZhZWQtOGEzOGM5NzVkNTgxIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt2d3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+HqPCfh6ZDQS0xMzQuMTk1LjE5OC4xNDctNzUyOCIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNzIuNjcuMTg5LjI3IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAibnkyLXN1Yi45MzAucHAudWEiLAogICAgImlkIjogImYwODJlZWNhLWUwNjgtNDVmOS1kMWJmLTQ2ZTlkZTliZGY1NyIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9ueTItc3ViLjkzMC5wcC51YSIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDIwNTMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTE3Mi42Ny4xODkuMjctMDgxMiIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogZmFsc2UsCiAgICAic25pIjogIm55Mi1zdWIuOTMwLnBwLnVhIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYyBTRy02Mi4xNDYuMjMzLjc5OjQ0MTI3IiwgImFkZCI6ICI2Mi4xNDYuMjMzLjc5IiwgInBvcnQiOiA0NDEyNywgImlkIjogImFlMGZhODIyLTU4YmItNDgzZi05YWY1LWQ0MTdkOGMyM2IyMSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OQSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZjhcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZWEgU0UtMTY5LjE1MC4yMDguODM6MTgwMDAiLCAiYWRkIjogIjE2OS4xNTAuMjA4LjgzIiwgInBvcnQiOiAxODAwMCwgImFpZCI6IDAsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogImY4YzhkYzNkLTBkMzctNDZiMC04YjM0LWE3MjMyODgyZmNmZSJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTAzLjY3Ljc5LjE1NyIsICJwb3J0IjogNDUzNjUsICJpZCI6ICI3ZDJhNGU2Ni0xNTJjLTQ5ZjUtOWZmNS1jMTlhODM2ZThjODkiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogIm5vbmUifQ==Country = #Indonesia(üáÆüá©)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTYwLjE1My4xLjEwMCIsICJhaWQiOiAwLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJqYWhma2poYS5jZmQiLCAiaWQiOiAiOTUwZGI2YWEtNDkyNi00NjE2LTgxNmUtZWMwMzEyZGNiODdiIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rd3MiLCAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGZlM1x1ZDgzZFx1ZGQyNStcdTA2YTlcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDZcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDQrXHUwNjMzXHUwNjMxXHUwNjQ4XHUwNjMxK1x1MDYzMVx1MDYyN1x1MDZjY1x1MDZhZlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NitARmFyYWhWUE4iLCAidGxzIjogInRscyIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwgInNuaSI6ICIifQ==Country = #The_Netherlands(üá≥üá±)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJiZTRhYzAzYy1zdW00ZzAtc3gxY3h4LTF0ZmprLnN2LnBsZWJhaS5uZXQiLAogICAgImFpZCI6IDIsCiAgICAiaG9zdCI6ICJicm9hZGNhc3Rsdi5jaGF0LmJpbGliaWxpLmNvbSIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNDkzOTZkOTgtZjRiNC0xMWVmLThjM2YtZjIzYzkxM2M4ZDJiIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDgwLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfh7rwn4e4VVMtMTk4LjIuMjQzLjUxLTA5MTYiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICIiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsCiAgICAic25pIjogIiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess: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ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJobXMyNi54cGVuZ21vdG9ycy5zYnMiLAogICAgImFpZCI6IDAsCiAgICAiaG9zdCI6ICJobXMyNi54cGVuZ21vdG9ycy5zYnMiLAogICAgImlkIjogImZiMGEyZGU2LWJmMDYtNGZmMC05N2NlLWMyMWFiY2RjMmQ1NSIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rd3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+Hq/Cfh7dGUi00NS4xNDUuMTY2LjIwOS01NTA3IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiaG1zMjYueHBlbmdtb3RvcnMuc2JzIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlNlx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmYSBBVS0xNTQuMjYuMTUzLjE2MToyMTc1OSIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTU0LjI2LjE1My4xNjEiLCAicG9ydCI6IDIxNzU5LCAiaWQiOiAiZTVmMTZmYWQtZjljMy00NTJiLThlNzEtYmM5NTA0ZTI5ZmM5IiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIiwgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIzOC4xNC4xMDcuMjI2IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiA2NCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogIiIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNDE4MDQ4YWYtYTI5My00Yjk5LTliMGMtOThjYTM1ODBkZDI0IiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL3BhdGgvMzQwNDM0MTMwMDMyIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogMzgwMDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+HuvCfh7hVUy0zOC4xNC4xMDcuMjI2LTU1MDMiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsCiAgICAic25pIjogIiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjEuMTguMjI3IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiamFoZmtqaGEuY2ZkIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICI5NTBkYjZhYS00OTI2LTQ2MTYtODE2ZS1lYzAzMTJkY2I4N2IiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfj4FSRUxBWS0xMDQuMjEuMTguMjI3LTc1NjEiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsCiAgICAic25pIjogIiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIwNmU2YjA3NS1zdW00ZzAtc3gxY3h4LTF0ZmprLmhrMy5wNXB2LmNvbSIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMiwKICAgICJob3N0IjogImJyb2FkY2FzdGx2LmNoYXQuYmlsaWJpbGkuY29tIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICI0OTM5NmQ5OC1mNGI0LTExZWYtOGMzZi1mMjNjOTEzYzhkMmIiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogODAsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+HrfCfh7BISy0xLjY1LjIwOC4xMjgtMjM0MSIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogIiIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAiYWRkIjogIjYyLjE0Ni4yMzIuMTUyIiwgInBvcnQiOiAzMzA2NCwgImlkIjogIjk0MmQ1NmU0LWNmNzItNGE3YS1hODdjLWY1NTVhMjcwZDc5YSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSIsICJwcyI6ICJcdWQ4M2RcdWRmZTNcdWQ4M2RcdWRkMjUrXHUwNmE5XHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2XHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ0K1x1MDYzM1x1MDYzMVx1MDY0OFx1MDYzMStcdTA2MzFcdTA2MjdcdTA2Y2NcdTA2YWZcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDYrQEZhcmFoVlBOIn0=Country = #Singapore(üá∏üá¨)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJobXMxOS5iZXN0LXRpemkudG9wIiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNjJhYTVmODAtMDMyOC00MDA0LWEzNzUtN2Y1YTU5ZGY0MDIyIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4ep8J+HqkRFLTkxLjE5NS4yNDAuMTItNzYwNyIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogZmFsc2UsCiAgICAic25pIjogImhtczE5LmJlc3QtdGl6aS50b3AiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJsb24yLWRhc2guOTMwLnBwLnVhIiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAibG9uMi1kYXNoLjkzMC5wcC51YSIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiYmM4NmY5NDktNzE1Mi00MzY3LTkyZjUtN2ExMWVhY2Y5YzliIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xvbjItc3ViLjkzMC5wcC51YSIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDIwOTYsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTEwNC4yMS41Ny4zOC01NTg1IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAibG9uMi1zdWIuOTMwLnBwLnVhIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxMDMuMTQ5LjE4My4xNzgiLCJhaWQiOiIwIiwiYWxwbiI6IiIsImZwIjoiIiwiaG9zdCI6IiIsImlkIjoiM2E5MDc5NTYtZjY2OC00ZTZiLWVhMDMtMDk0OWYwYzljMGE1IiwibmV0IjoidGNwIiwicGF0aCI6IiIsInBvcnQiOiI1NDY3NSIsInBzIjoi2LPYsdmI2LEg2LHYp9uM2q/Yp9mGINm+2LHYs9ix2LnYqvCfjIogQHZtZXNzX2lyIiwic2N5IjoiYXV0byIsInNuaSI6IiIsInRscyI6IiIsInR5cGUiOiJub25lIiwidiI6IjIifQ==ŸÖÿÆÿµŸàÿµ ŸáŸÖÿ±ÿßŸá ÿßŸàŸÑ Ÿà Ÿàÿß€åŸÅÿß€å‚úÖÿ≠ÿ™ŸÖÿß ÿ®Ÿá ÿßÿ¥ÿ™ÿ±ÿß⁄© ÿ®ÿ≤ÿßÿ±€åÿØ ‚úÖ@vmess_irüöÄüöÄüí¨üí¨üí¨üì∑üì∑üí¨üì∫üì∫üí¨üòçÿØÿ± ÿµŸàÿ±ÿ™ ÿßÿ™ÿµÿßŸÑ ÿ≠ÿ™ŸÖÿß ÿØÿ± ÿ±€å⁄©ÿ¥ŸÜ Ÿáÿß ÿ¥ÿ±⁄©ÿ™ ⁄©ŸÜ€åÿØüòç
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxNzIuNjcuMTcwLjEwMyIsImFpZCI6IjAiLCJhbHBuIjoiaDMiLCJmcCI6ImNocm9tZSIsImhvc3QiOiJnbHdlaWRmLnNicyIsImlkIjoiNzYyMjFiZmItZTkyZi00ZTgwLTgxYzUtNmZlNDhmNTBhYzBiIiwibmV0Ijoid3MiLCJwYXRoIjoiL2xpbmt3cyIsInBvcnQiOiI0NDMiLCJwcyI6Ilvwn4eo8J+Hpl10Lm1lL0NvbmZpZ3NIdWIiLCJzY3kiOiJhdXRvIiwic25pIjoiZ2x3ZWlkZi5zYnMiLCJ0bHMiOiJ0bHMiLCJ0eXBlIjoiIiwidiI6IjIifQ==œü ·¥õ·¥á ú Ä·¥Ä…¥ œü Íú± ú…™ Ä·¥Ä·¥¢ œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü ·¥ã·¥Ä Ä·¥Ä·¥ä œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #·¥Ñ·¥Ä…¥·¥Ä·¥Ö·¥Ä(·¥Ñ·¥Ä)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTIwLjE5OC43MS4yMTQiLCAicG9ydCI6ICIzNDA5MyIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAiaWQiOiAiNDE4MDQ4YWYtYTI5My00Yjk5LTliMGMtOThjYTM1ODBkZDI0IiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICIifQ==Country = #China(üá®üá≥)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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 = #Canada(üá®üá¶)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiNDYuMjUwLjI1My4yMzQiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAiYWxwbiI6ICIiLCAiZnAiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjc2MmIzOTIzLTU4ODUtNGM1Zi04ODZmLWU2Mjc4ODUxMjMzOCIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiMjg4NzIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzbmkiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAidHlwZSI6ICIiLCAidiI6ICIyIn0=Country = #Japan(üáØüáµ)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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 = #Canada(üá®üá¶)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjYuMC45NSIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogIm9iZGlpLmNmZCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiMDU2NDFjZjUtNThkMi00YmE0LWE5ZjEtYjNjZGEwYjFmYjFkIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTA0LjI2LjAuOTUtNzQ3MCIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogZmFsc2UsCiAgICAic25pIjogIm9iZGlpLmNmZCIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMzEuMTI5LjEwNS4yMzkiLCAiYWlkIjogMCwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjc5M2UwM2NjLTJiMDgtNGQxYi1iYjBiLTU5MjU2N2QxOTA0MyIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgInBvcnQiOiAxNjIzMSwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGQxMiBWTS1XUy1OQSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZjdcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZmEgUlUtMzEuMTI5LjEwNS4yMzk6MTYyMzEiLCAidGxzIjogIiIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwgInNuaSI6ICIifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OQSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZWZcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZjUgSlAtMTMuMjMwLjIzNS4yNDc6NDg4ODkiLCAiYWRkIjogIjEzLjIzMC4yMzUuMjQ3IiwgInBvcnQiOiAiNDg4ODkiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgImlkIjogImMxMzBjYjM2LWM5M2YtNGJlNy05MjI4LWE3YTk3ZDQzODg1YSIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsICJob3N0IjogImd5LnlvdWFyZW15Z29kLnRvcCIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlNiBDQS0yMy4xNjIuMjAwLjkxOjIwMTgyIiwgImFkZCI6ICIyMy4xNjIuMjAwLjkxIiwgInBvcnQiOiAyMDE4MiwgImlkIjogImNjOWI2NmI3LTFkZTctNGFhOS05NjQyLTU3NWE4YWUzZmYxOSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNzIuNjcuMTUzLjE1NiIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogInVzd3V4aWFuLnBhaTUwMjg4LnVrIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICJjMzEzNjA2Zi05OGMyLTRkN2ItYmE3NC00OGI5NGY2MWIxMWQiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogODQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTcyLjY3LjE1My4xNTYtMDMwNyIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmYVx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOCBVUy01MS44MS4yMDMuNTc6Mjg4NjAiLCAiYWRkIjogIjUxLjgxLjIwMy41NyIsICJwb3J0IjogMjg4NjAsICJpZCI6ICIxNzg0NDk3ZC0wM2ExLTQwYmItYmI4Yi1kZTRmZmFjN2M1OWMiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogIm5vbmUifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjEuOTQuMTY4IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNjJhYTVmODAtMDMyOC00MDA0LWEzNzUtN2Y1YTU5ZGY0MDIyIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTA0LjIxLjk0LjE2OC03NDQ4IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICIiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYyBTRy02Mi4xNDYuMjMzLjExMjozNjcxMiIsICJhZGQiOiAiNjIuMTQ2LjIzMy4xMTIiLCAicG9ydCI6IDM2NzEyLCAiaWQiOiAiOTI2NmRmNDItMDgzMC00OGMyLTg1MDktNGM1N2IzMGZlMjlkIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNzIuNjcuNzEuMTYwIiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAib2JkaWkuY2ZkIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICIwNTY0MWNmNS01OGQyLTRiYTQtYTlmMS1iM2NkYTBiMWZiMWQiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfj4FSRUxBWS0xNzIuNjcuNzEuMTYwLTc0NzkiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJvYmRpaS5jZmQiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMzguMTQuMTA3LjIyNSIsICJwb3J0IjogMzgwMDMsICJhaWQiOiA2NCwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogInRscyIsICJpZCI6ICI0MTgwNDhhZi1hMjkzLTRiOTktOWIwYy05OGNhMzU4MGRkMjQiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJ3d3cuMjMxNzk3NTMueHl6IiwgInBhdGgiOiAiL3BhdGgvMTgxNzIxMjcyMTE0In0=Country = #United_States(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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 = #France(üá´üá∑)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiYXowNS5iZXlvbmR5LmNmZCIsICJhaWQiOiAwLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJhejA1LmJleW9uZHkuY2ZkIiwgImlkIjogIjNmNjM4ZjM0LThkYmEtNDE4Ni1iYzQzLTI3MTZhN2RkZDRiZSIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGluayIsICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLCAic25pIjogIiJ9Country = #France(üá´üá∑)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTU0LjgzLjIuOTAiLCAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywgImFpZCI6IDAsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLCAiaWQiOiAiOTUwZGI2YWEtNDkyNi00NjE2LTgxNmUtZWMwMzEyZGNiODdiIiwgInNuaSI6ICJqYWhma2poYS5jZmQiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJqYWhma2poYS5jZmQiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIn0=Country = #Seychelles(üá∏üá®)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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Country = #France(üá´üá∑)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNzIuNjcuMTMxLjE3IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNjJhYTVmODAtMDMyOC00MDA0LWEzNzUtN2Y1YTU5ZGY0MDIyIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTcyLjY3LjEzMS4xNy03NDM2IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlY1x1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlNyBHQi0xNDkuNy4xNi4xNDk6MzcxMDEiLCAiYWRkIjogIjE0OS43LjE2LjE0OSIsICJwb3J0IjogMzcxMDEsICJpZCI6ICJmYjNmYzI0My00Njk4LTQ5YzQtOGM0NC0wNDE1ZjY4YTRkMjUiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogIm5vbmUifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMTcuMjEzLjU3IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAieG1pdmlkZW8uY2ZkIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICI5M2VhNDg2YS1iYWRhLTQyYTQtYWMzOC1kMDg4YjMyMGZhMWUiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfj4FSRUxBWS0xMDQuMTcuMjEzLjU3LTc0NDMiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJ4bWl2aWRlby5jZmQiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlNiBDQS02Ny4yMjAuOTQuMTM3OjU3MTIzIiwgImFkZCI6ICI2Ny4yMjAuOTQuMTM3IiwgInBvcnQiOiA1NzEyMywgImlkIjogImI0ZDNhODFiLWVjMGUtNGEyNy1hMzU5LTZkZWEwYzRmMWY3NSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmM1x1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmMSBOTC0xODUuMjIxLjIxOS4yMDo0Nzg1NiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTg1LjIyMS4yMTkuMjAiLCAicG9ydCI6IDQ3ODU2LCAiaWQiOiAiMDY1MDE2MTQtMmNkZS00NTg5LWI3NWYtOGRmODk1ZTY1YjNjIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIyMy4xNTguNTYuMTg0IiwiYWlkIjoiMCIsImFscG4iOiIiLCJmcCI6IiIsImhvc3QiOiIiLCJpZCI6IjA0NjIxYmFlLWFiMzYtMTFlYy1iOTA5LTAyNDJhYzEyMDAwMiIsIm5ldCI6InRjcCIsInBhdGgiOiIiLCJwb3J0IjoiMjIzMjQiLCJwcyI6Itqp2KfZhtmB24zaryDZvtix2LPYsdi52Kog2LHYp9uM2q/Yp9mG8J+Mi0B2bWVzYyIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJ0bHMiOiIiLCJ0eXBlIjoibm9uZSIsInYiOiIyIn0=‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚ù• MciFree serviceüëáüëáüëáüëáüëá‚úÖ @vmesc
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTY5LjE1MC4yMDguODMiLCAicG9ydCI6IDE4MDAwLCAiYWlkIjogMCwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAiaWQiOiAiZjhjOGRjM2QtMGQzNy00NmIwLThiMzQtYTcyMzI4ODJmY2ZlIn0=Country = #Sweden(üá∏üá™)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTQ5LjcuMTYuMTQ5IiwgInBvcnQiOiAzNzEwMSwgImlkIjogImZiM2ZjMjQzLTQ2OTgtNDljNC04YzQ0LTA0MTVmNjhhNGQyNSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9Country = #United_Kingdom(üá¨üáß)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiNTcuMTI5LjI0LjE0MSIsICJwb3J0IjogIjQ0MyIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAiaWQiOiAiMDNmY2M2MTgtYjkzZC02Nzk2LTZhZWQtOGEzOGM5NzVkNTgxIiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rdndzIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMifQ==Country = #Germany(üá©üá™)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAidXMydm1lc3Mucm5tY25tLmNvbSIsICJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJwb3J0IjogODAsICJpZCI6ICI3ZjhhMWJiOS1iZWUwLTQwYTgtZjkwOC0yMWE2NWRhMGYzY2MiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLzEyM3F3ZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIn0=Country = #US(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMjMuMTU4LjU2LjI0MSIsICJhaWQiOiAwLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJ3cm1lbG13eGxmLmdrdGV2bHJxem53cXFvenkuZmFicGZzNjZnaXptbm9qaGN2cXh3bC5reXRyY2Z6cWxhODdndmd2czZjN2tqbnJ1YnVoLmNjIiwgImlkIjogIjAzZmNjNjE4LWI5M2QtNjc5Ni02YWVkLThhMzhjOTc1ZDU4MSIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3Z3cyIsICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLCAic25pIjogIiJ9Country = #Germany(üá©üá™)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJQYXJzVmRzLmlyIiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiZ2x3ZWlkZi5zYnMiLAogICAgImlkIjogIjc2MjIxYmZiLWU5MmYtNGU4MC04MWM1LTZmZTQ4ZjUwYWMwYiIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rd3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTEwNC4yMS45NC4xNjgtMTEzOSIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTA0LjIxLjE2LjEiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAiYWxwbiI6ICIiLCAiZnAiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjdmOGExYmI5LWJlZTAtNDBhOC1mOTA4LTIxYTY1ZGEwZjNjYyIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvMTIzcXdlIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiODAiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVdTLU5BIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGZmNFx1MjAwZFx1MjYyMFx1ZmUwZiBOQS0xMDQuMjEuMTYuMTo4MCIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzbmkiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAidHlwZSI6ICItLS0iLCAidiI6ICIyIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIyMy4xNjIuMjAwLjIyNyIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogIiIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiMDNmY2M2MTgtYjkzZC02Nzk2LTZhZWQtOGEzOGM5NzVkNTgxIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt2d3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+HqPCfh6ZDQS0yMy4xNjIuMjAwLjIyNy03NDQ3IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICIiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxODguMTE0Ljk3Ljc5IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAibGluZGUwNi5pbmRpYXZpZGVvLnNicyIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiZWRiYjEwNTktMTYzMy00MjcxLWI2NmUtZWQ0ZmJhNDdhMWJmIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTg4LjExNC45Ny43OS03NDQwIiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAibGluZGUwNi5pbmRpYXZpZGVvLnNicyIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTA0LjIxLjk2LjEiLCAiYWlkIjogMCwgImhvc3QiOiAiZGUwMS5zaC1jbG91ZGZsYXJlLnNicyIsICJpZCI6ICI3NWEwODg1Zi0wY2E1LTQyYTQtODY1MS0zOTFjZjgxOTMxNTQiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsICJwb3J0IjogMjA5NiwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGQxMiBWTS1XUy1UTFMgXHVkODNjXHVkZmY0XHUyMDBkXHUyNjIwXHVmZTBmIE5BLTEwNC4yMS45Ni4xOjIwOTYiLCAidGxzIjogInRscyIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwgInNuaSI6ICJkZTAxLnNoLWNsb3VkZmxhcmUuc2JzIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjoiMiIsInBzIjoiRC1GQUlUSC02MjI3IiwiYWRkIjoiMTY3LjcxLjI1MC4xMTUiLCJwb3J0IjoiODg4MSIsImlkIjoiZGI1YWZhZTQtYWMyMy00MWE2LTgzNzgtZjMwN2E5YTQ3NDM2IiwiYWlkIjoiMCIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJuZXQiOiJ0Y3AiLCJ0eXBlIjoiaHR0cCIsImhvc3QiOiJtb2kuaXIiLCJwYXRoIjoiLyIsInRscyI6Im5vbmUiLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJhbHBuIjoiIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess: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 = #Moldova(üá≤üá©)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYyBTRy0xNTQuMjYuMTM3LjQyOjQ0MTA0IiwgImFkZCI6ICIxNTQuMjYuMTM3LjQyIiwgInBvcnQiOiA0NDEwNCwgImlkIjogImU5OTMzYTRjLWU1NmUtNDU4Yy1iY2Y0LTljYjM4NzViYmE1NSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmM1x1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmMSBOTC0xNzIuOTkuMTg4LjE5MDo0NzkyNSIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTcyLjk5LjE4OC4xOTAiLCAicG9ydCI6IDQ3OTI1LCAiaWQiOiAiZjU4ZmZkYTItM2VmYy00OWE1LTkwNDctZjhjMmY5M2M1NzVkIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYlx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmNyBGUi0zOC4xMDkuMjI4LjE2MzoyNzA2MCIsICJhZGQiOiAiMzguMTA5LjIyOC4xNjMiLCAicG9ydCI6IDI3MDYwLCAiaWQiOiAiNzFkYTQwYjktYzIwZS00YTZlLTgwY2ItYzgxNDFmNjkzNTI2IiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNTIuNjcuMjUxLjIzMiIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogImlydmlkZW8uY2ZkIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICJlNTM3ZjJmNS0yYTBjLTRmNTktOTJjOS04MzJjYTY0MzNiZjMiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfh7rwn4e4VVMtMTUyLjY3LjI1MS4yMzItNzQzNSIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogZmFsc2UsCiAgICAic25pIjogImlydmlkZW8uY2ZkIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiJhbGlwLmNvbSIsImFpZCI6IjAiLCJhbHBuIjoiIiwiZnAiOiIiLCJob3N0IjoiIiwiaWQiOiJiNGMxZGQ2Mi1mMGRkLTRhNmYtOGU4NS1lNDI5M2EzMzgxODciLCJuZXQiOiJ0Y3AiLCJwYXRoIjoiIiwicG9ydCI6Ijg2NDMiLCJwcyI6Ilvwn4+BXXQubWUvQ29uZmlnc0h1YiIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJ0bHMiOiIiLCJ0eXBlIjoibm9uZSIsInYiOiIyIn0=œü ·¥õ·¥á ú Ä·¥Ä…¥ œü Íú± ú…™ Ä·¥Ä·¥¢ œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü ·¥ã·¥Ä Ä·¥Ä·¥ä œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: # ô Ä…™·¥õ…™s ú·¥†…™ Ä…¢…™…¥…™s ü·¥Ä…¥·¥Ös(·¥†…¢)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiNjUuMTA5LjE5Mi4yNDQiLCAicG9ydCI6IDI5ODc4LCAiaWQiOiAiNDJjZjZhMmEtZmM1Yy00MjJjLTg4YzQtYzJjZTE3MmEyMWE2IiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=Country = #Finland(üá´üáÆ)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiNDYuMjkuMTY2LjIzNyIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJhbHBuIjogIiIsICJmcCI6ICIiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICIiLCAiaWQiOiAiMGM0OWNkMTktMjc1OC00ZDM4LWU2YTgtMTFmMmQ2NjM1ODYwIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIiLCAicG9ydCI6ICI0NzU1NSIsICJwcyI6ICJcdWQ4M2RcdWRmZTNcdWQ4M2RcdWRkMjUrXHUwNmE5XHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2XHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ0K1x1MDYzM1x1MDYzMVx1MDY0OFx1MDYzMStcdTA2MzFcdTA2MjdcdTA2Y2NcdTA2YWZcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDYrQEZhcmFoVlBOIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNuaSI6ICIiLCAidGxzIjogIiIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidiI6ICIyIn0=Country = #Russia(üá∑üá∫)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTQ2LjU5LjU1LjUwIiwgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsICJhaWQiOiAwLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwgImlkIjogIjAzZmNjNjE4LWI5M2QtNjc5Ni02YWVkLThhMzhjOTc1ZDU4MSIsICJzbmkiOiAid3JtZWxtd3hsZi5na3RldmxycXpud3Fxb3p5LmZhYnBmczY2Z2l6bW5vamhjdnF4d2wua3l0cmNmenFsYTg3Z3ZndnM2Yzdram5ydWJ1aC5jYyIsICJob3N0IjogIm8ubWV0dWppLmNvbSIsICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rdndzIn0=Country = #Poland(üáµüá±)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAicHEtYnJhemlsMS4wOXZwbi5jb20iLCAicG9ydCI6ICI4MCIsICJpZCI6ICJjMDRjM2IzNC03MGZkLTRmZWMtOTYzZS1jMTJkMDlmMzZiZWYiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgImhvc3QiOiAicHEtYnJhemlsMS4wOXZwbi5jb20iLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvdm1lc3MvIn0=Country = #Brazil(üáßüá∑)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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Country = #Spain(üá™üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiNjUuMTA5LjE5Mi4yNDQiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAiYWxwbiI6ICIiLCAiZnAiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjg3MGFhZGZmLTNlYWMtNGQ5Zi1hMjFhLWMxYTAxNjY0YThjOCIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiNTI2MzUiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzbmkiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ2IjogIjIifQ==Country = #Finland(üá´üáÆ)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxODguMTE0Ljk5LjE4MyIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogImxpbmRlMDYuaW5kaWF2aWRlby5zYnMiLAogICAgImlkIjogImVkYmIxMDU5LTE2MzMtNDI3MS1iNjZlLWVkNGZiYTQ3YTFiZiIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rd3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTE4OC4xMTQuOTkuMTgzLTc0MjAiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJsaW5kZTA2LmluZGlhdmlkZW8uc2JzIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYyBTRy02Mi4xNDYuMjMyLjE1Nzo1Mjg1NiIsICJhZGQiOiAiNjIuMTQ2LjIzMi4xNTciLCAicG9ydCI6IDUyODU2LCAiaWQiOiAiZWQ1NGUzODgtYmZjNS00YjM2LWFlNGQtOGIzY2Q0NjBkM2Q0IiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIiwgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjEuOTQuMTY4IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNjJhYTVmODAtMDMyOC00MDA0LWEzNzUtN2Y1YTU5ZGY0MDIyIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTA0LjIxLjk0LjE2OC03NDU5IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICIiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess: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Country = #United_States(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIzOC4xNC4xMDcuMjI1IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiA2NCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogInd3dy4yMzE3OTc1My54eXoiLAogICAgImlkIjogIjQxODA0OGFmLWEyOTMtNGI5OS05YjBjLTk4Y2EzNTgwZGQyNCIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9wYXRoLzE4MTcyMTI3MjExNCIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDM4MDAzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfh7rwn4e4VVMtMzguMTQuMTA3LjIyNS03NDk4IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICIiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjEuMTguMjI3IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiamFoZmtqaGEuY2ZkIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICI5NTBkYjZhYS00OTI2LTQ2MTYtODE2ZS1lYzAzMTJkY2I4N2IiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfj4FSRUxBWS0xMDQuMjEuMTguMjI3LTc1MjAiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsCiAgICAic25pIjogIiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjoiMiIsInBzIjoiRC1GT1gtMjA4OCIsImFkZCI6IjEzOC4xOTcuMS4yMjIiLCJwb3J0IjoiODg4MSIsImlkIjoiZGI1YWZhZTQtYWMyMy00MWE2LTgzNzgtZjMwN2E5YTQ3NDM2IiwiYWlkIjoiMCIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJuZXQiOiJ0Y3AiLCJ0eXBlIjoiaHR0cCIsImhvc3QiOiJtb2kuaXIiLCJwYXRoIjoiLyIsInRscyI6Im5vbmUiLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJhbHBuIjoiIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxODUuMTQ2LjE3My4xNTgiLCJhaWQiOiIwIiwiYWxwbiI6IiIsImZwIjoiIiwiaG9zdCI6ImphaGZramhhLmNmZCIsImlkIjoiOTUwZGI2YWEtNDkyNi00NjE2LTgxNmUtZWMwMzEyZGNiODdiIiwibmV0Ijoid3MiLCJwYXRoIjoiL2xpbmt3cyIsInBvcnQiOiI0NDMiLCJwcyI6Ilvwn4e48J+Hql10Lm1lL0NvbmZpZ3NIdWIiLCJzY3kiOiJhdXRvIiwic25pIjoiamFoZmtqaGEuY2ZkIiwidGxzIjoidGxzIiwidHlwZSI6IiIsInYiOiIyIn0=œü ·¥õ·¥á ú Ä·¥Ä…¥ œü Íú± ú…™ Ä·¥Ä·¥¢ œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü ·¥ã·¥Ä Ä·¥Ä·¥ä œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #s·¥°·¥á·¥Ö·¥á…¥(s·¥á)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiczIuZGItbGluazAyLnRvcCIsICJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJwb3J0IjogODA4MCwgImlkIjogIjRiMzY2MjVjLWI5ZDktM2VhNi1hZWQ1LTg2ZDYyYzcwZTE2ZCIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAidHlwZSI6ICIiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICIxMDAtMTE5LTE1MS0yNDguczIuZGItbGluazAyLnRvcCIsICJwYXRoIjogIi9kYWJhaS5pbjE3Mi42NC40MS4xNTAiLCAidGxzIjogIiJ9Country = #US(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTcyLjk5LjE4OC4xOTAiLCAicG9ydCI6IDQ3OTI1LCAiaWQiOiAiZjU4ZmZkYTItM2VmYy00OWE1LTkwNDctZjhjMmY5M2M1NzVkIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=Country = #The_Netherlands(üá≥üá±)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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Country = #Canada(üá®üá¶)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiNTcuMTI5LjI4LjY5IiwgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsICJhaWQiOiAwLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwgImlkIjogIjAzZmNjNjE4LWI5M2QtNjc5Ni02YWVkLThhMzhjOTc1ZDU4MSIsICJzbmkiOiAid3JtZWxtd3hsZi5na3RldmxycXpud3Fxb3p5LmZhYnBmczY2Z2l6bW5vamhjdnF4d2wua3l0cmNmenFsYTg3Z3ZndnM2Yzdram5ydWJ1aC5jYyIsICJob3N0IjogImJhcmFkaWhhLmNvbSIsICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rdndzIn0=Country = #Germany(üá©üá™)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTcwLjExNC40NS41MiIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJhbHBuIjogIiIsICJmcCI6ICIiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJ1c3RvdWNqam5pZDE4c2o2dXMubG92ZWJhaXBpYW8uY29tIiwgImlkIjogIjkxOTliZjc4LTg3NjItNGVjNS05YjdmLTA3Mzk2YjcxZTlkNCIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiMjA4NiIsICJwcyI6ICJcdWQ4M2RcdWRkMTIgVk0tV1MtTkEgXHVkODNjXHVkZGZhXHVkODNjXHVkZGY4IFVTLTE3MC4xMTQuNDUuNTI6MjA4NiIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzbmkiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAidHlwZSI6ICIiLCAidiI6ICIyIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess: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ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMzcuMjcuMTgyLjEwOSIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJob3N0IjogIiIsICJpZCI6ICJiM2E2NDM1Yi1mZWFlLTQxZjQtYTZiOC1jZjNjMDllNTM2ZTEiLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJwYXRoIjogIiIsICJwb3J0IjogMzM3OCwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGQxMiBWTS1UQ1AtTk9ORSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZWJcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZWUgRkktMzcuMjcuMTgyLjEwOTozMzc4IiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiIiwgInYiOiAiMiJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxODguMTE0Ljk3Ljc5IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAibGluZGUwNi5pbmRpYXZpZGVvLnNicyIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiZWRiYjEwNTktMTYzMy00MjcxLWI2NmUtZWQ0ZmJhNDdhMWJmIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTg4LjExNC45Ny43OS03NTE3IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAibGluZGUwNi5pbmRpYXZpZGVvLnNicyIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTA0LjIxLjgyLjE4MyIsICJhaWQiOiAwLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJzZXJ2ZXIyNi5iZWhlc2h0YmFuZWguY29tIiwgImlkIjogIjVhNzAyMWUwLTI2YjQtNDVkNi1iMTc1LWZlNTUxNjAxY2E5NyIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgInBvcnQiOiA4ODgwLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVdTLU5BIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGZmNFx1MjAwZFx1MjYyMFx1ZmUwZiBOQS0xMDQuMjEuODIuMTgzOjg4ODAiLCAidGxzIjogIiIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwgInNuaSI6ICIifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjEuOTQuMTY4IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNjJhYTVmODAtMDMyOC00MDA0LWEzNzUtN2Y1YTU5ZGY0MDIyIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTA0LjIxLjk0LjE2OC03NTUwIiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICIiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess: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 = #The_Netherlands(üá≥üá±)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJ1czAxLnNoLWNsb3VkZmxhcmUuc2JzIiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAidXMwMS5zaC1jbG91ZGZsYXJlLnNicyIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiOTE0NTg0ZWUtMzUxNS00NmFjLWEwOWQtNDY3N2EyZTlkYzlhIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDg0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTEwNC4yMS4zMi4xLTA3NjQiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJ1czAxLnNoLWNsb3VkZmxhcmUuc2JzIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlZVx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmMyBJTi05NC4xMzYuMTg0LjE1NTozOTI1MyIsICJhZGQiOiAiOTQuMTM2LjE4NC4xNTUiLCAicG9ydCI6IDM5MjUzLCAiaWQiOiAiNjliNDlhMzUtY2Y1NS00ZDE0LTlmMmItZDdjZTNhMGRiNzJlIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmYVx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOCBVUy0xNS4yMDQuMjQ4LjkyOjMwNTYyIiwgImFkZCI6ICIxNS4yMDQuMjQ4LjkyIiwgInBvcnQiOiAzMDU2MiwgImlkIjogIjgyNDY2NzE1LTZhNTgtNDA0Ni1hMzYzLWEwZDE4ZTViMmFiNCIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAidXN3dXhpYW4ucGFpNTAyODgudWsiLCAidiI6ICIyIiwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGZlM1x1ZDgzZFx1ZGQyNStcdTA2YTlcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDZcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDQrXHUwNjMzXHUwNjMxXHUwNjQ4XHUwNjMxK1x1MDYzMVx1MDYyN1x1MDZjY1x1MDZhZlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NitARmFyYWhWUE4iLCAicG9ydCI6IDg0NDMsICJpZCI6ICJjMzEzNjA2Zi05OGMyLTRkN2ItYmE3NC00OGI5NGY2MWIxMWQiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAidXN3dXhpYW4ucGFpNTAyODgudWsiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMifQ==Country = #US(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTcyLjk5LjE4OC41NSIsICJwb3J0IjogMTcyODQsICJpZCI6ICJlNGVmZTEyZC05N2MwLTRmZDctYmZkNC0wNjlmZjA0ZThkNDQiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogIm5vbmUifQ==Country = #The_Netherlands(üá≥üá±)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiODguMTk4LjE3Mi4yNSIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJhbHBuIjogIiIsICJmcCI6ICIiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICIiLCAiaWQiOiAiZTdlYjQ3MmUtZGM4My00OWQ1LWJlNWUtODJhNzlhMjEyNGVlIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJncnBjIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiSmJpQjhWNjZWNzhIZjViaXZmc2lzOHZIIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiMTUxNDUiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLUdSUEMtTkEgXHVkODNjXHVkZGU5XHVkODNjXHVkZGVhIERFLTg4LjE5OC4xNzIuMjU6MTUxNDUiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAic25pIjogIiIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiZ3VuIiwgInYiOiAiMiJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMjMuMTYyLjIwMC45MSIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJob3N0IjogIiIsICJpZCI6ICJjYzliNjZiNy0xZGU3LTRhYTktOTY0Mi01NzVhOGFlM2ZmMTkiLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJwYXRoIjogIiIsICJwb3J0IjogIjIwMTgyIiwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGQxMiBWTS1UQ1AtTkEgXHVkODNjXHVkZGU4XHVkODNjXHVkZGU2IENBLTIzLjE2Mi4yMDAuOTE6MjAxODIiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAic25pIjogIiIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiIiwgInYiOiAiMiJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNzIuNjcuMTYxLjc3IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAibGluZGUwNi5pbmRpYXZpZGVvLnNicyIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiZWRiYjEwNTktMTYzMy00MjcxLWI2NmUtZWQ0ZmJhNDdhMWJmIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTcyLjY3LjE2MS43Ny03NTYyIiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAibGluZGUwNi5pbmRpYXZpZGVvLnNicyIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICI2YThlMGNhMi1zdWN2NDAtdDgybzV0LWxidzUuaGsucDVwdi5jb20iLAogICAgImFpZCI6IDIsCiAgICAiaG9zdCI6ICJicm9hZGNhc3Rsdi5jaGF0LmJpbGliaWxpLmNvbSIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiMGU1MTFmNTAtNzkzZi0xMWVhLWI4NzMtZjIzYzkxY2ZiYmM5IiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDgwLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfh63wn4ewSEstMS42NS4yMTguMTI5LTA5MTciLAogICAgInRscyI6ICIiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsCiAgICAic25pIjogIiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJzMi5kYi1saW5rMDEudG9wIiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiMTAwLTEzMC0xMzYtNTAuczIuZGItbGluazAxLnRvcCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNGIzNjYyNWMtYjlkOS0zZWE2LWFlZDUtODZkNjJjNzBlMTZkIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2RhYmFpLmluMTA0LjIxLjEzMy4xMiIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDIwOTUsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTEwNC4xNy4yMTMuMjQxLTA4OTEiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICIiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsCiAgICAic25pIjogIiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJueTEtZGFzaC44OTA2OTkueHl6IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAibnkxLWRhc2guODkwNjk5Lnh5eiIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNjU4Yjg3ZTAtNWQ5Mi00NDI0LWQzNDQtYzE2N2FjZDZhNzdmIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL255MS1zdWIuODkwNjk5Lnh5eiIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDIwOTYsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTEwNC4yMS4zMi4xLTU2OTYiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJueTEtc3ViLjg5MDY5OS54eXoiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiI0Ni4yOS4xNjYuMjM3IiwiYWlkIjoiMCIsImFscG4iOiIiLCJmcCI6IiIsImhvc3QiOiIiLCJpZCI6IjBjNDljZDE5LTI3NTgtNGQzOC1lNmE4LTExZjJkNjYzNTg2MCIsIm5ldCI6InRjcCIsInBhdGgiOiIiLCJwb3J0IjoiNDc1NTUiLCJwcyI6Itiz2LHZiNixINix2KfbjNqv2KfZhiDZvtix2LPYsdi52Krwn4yKIEB2bWVzc19pciIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJ0bHMiOiIiLCJ0eXBlIjoibm9uZSIsInYiOiIyIn0=ŸÖÿÆÿµŸàÿµ ÿß€åÿ±ÿßŸÜÿ≥ŸÑ Ÿà ÿ±ÿß€åÿ™ŸÑ‚úÖÿ≠ÿ™ŸÖÿß ÿ®Ÿá ÿßÿ¥ÿ™ÿ±ÿß⁄© ÿ®ÿ≤ÿßÿ±€åÿØ ‚úÖ@vmess_irüöÄüöÄüí¨üí¨üí¨üì∑üì∑üí¨üì∫üì∫üí¨üòçÿØÿ± ÿµŸàÿ±ÿ™ ÿßÿ™ÿµÿßŸÑ ÿ≠ÿ™ŸÖÿß ÿØÿ± ÿ±€å⁄©ÿ¥ŸÜ Ÿáÿß ÿ¥ÿ±⁄©ÿ™ ⁄©ŸÜ€åÿØüòç
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxMDcuMTQ4LjIwNy4yNDkiLCJhaWQiOiIwIiwiYWxwbiI6IiIsImZwIjoiIiwiaG9zdCI6ImFwcHN2cy5zaG9wIiwiaWQiOiI0MTgwNDhhZi1hMjkzLTRiOTktOWIwYy05OGNhMzU4MGRkMjQiLCJuZXQiOiJ0Y3AiLCJwYXRoIjoiLyIsInBvcnQiOiI0ODcxMiIsInBzIjoiW/Cfh7rwn4e4XXQubWUvQ29uZmlnc0h1YiIsImlkIjoiNDE4MDQ4YWYtYTI5My00Yjk5LTliMGMtOThjYTM1ODBkZDI0IiwibmV0IjoidGNwIiwicGF0aCI6Ii8iLCJwb3J0IjoiNDg3MTIiLCJwcyI6IldpRmktQFYycmF5X0FscGhhLTE0Iiwic2N5IjoiYXV0byIsInNuaSI6IiIsInRscyI6IiIsInR5cGUiOiJub25lIiwidiI6IjIifQ==œü ·¥õ·¥á ú Ä·¥Ä…¥ œü Íú± ú…™ Ä·¥Ä·¥¢ œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü ·¥ã·¥Ä Ä·¥Ä·¥ä œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #·¥ú…¥…™·¥õ·¥á·¥Ös·¥õ·¥Ä·¥õ·¥ás(·¥ús)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxODYuMTkwLjIxNS45MyIsImFpZCI6IjAiLCJhbHBuIjoiIiwiZnAiOiIiLCJob3N0IjoiIiwiaWQiOiIwNDYyMWJhZS1hYjM2LTExZWMtYjkwOS0wMjQyYWMxMjAwMDIiLCJuZXQiOiJ0Y3AiLCJwYXRoIjoiIiwicG9ydCI6IjIyMzI0IiwicHMiOiJb8J+PgV10Lm1lL0NvbmZpZ3NIdWIiLCJzY3kiOiJhdXRvIiwic25pIjoiIiwidGxzIjoiIiwidHlwZSI6Im5vbmUiLCJ2IjoiMiJ9œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #s·¥°…™·¥õ·¥¢·¥á Ä ü·¥Ä…¥·¥Ö(·¥Ñ ú)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIyMy4xNTguNTYuMjEiLCJhaWQiOiIwIiwiYWxwbiI6IiIsImZwIjoiIiwiaG9zdCI6IiIsImlkIjoiNmVlZjM0NDgtYmJjMC00OTMzLTg5NGEtNzJiM2U4Nzg2MTA5IiwibmV0IjoidGNwIiwicGF0aCI6IiIsInBvcnQiOiI0ODk2MSIsInBzIjoiW/Cfh6nwn4eqXXQubWUvQ29uZmlnc0h1YiIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJ0bHMiOiIiLCJ0eXBlIjoibm9uZSIsInYiOiIyIn0=œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #…¢·¥á Ä·¥ç·¥Ä…¥ è(·¥Ö·¥á)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiNTEuNzkuMTAyLjI1MyIsICJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJwb3J0IjogODAsICJpZCI6ICI1OGZlMTU0Mi01MjkwLTQwYWQtODE1YS03NzcwN2E4MWFmZTUiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiL0lPZWJoTE1obDFDVGJGSGJMOTVteWZSWDIiLCAidGxzIjogIiJ9Country = #Canada(üá®üá¶)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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Country = #Germany(üá©üá™)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAidXN3dXhpYW4ucGFpNTAyODgudWsiLCAidiI6ICIyIiwgInBvcnQiOiA4NDQzLCAiaWQiOiAiYzMxMzYwNmYtOThjMi00ZDdiLWJhNzQtNDhiOTRmNjFiMTFkIiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsICJ0eXBlIjogIiIsICJob3N0IjogInVzd3V4aWFuLnBhaTUwMjg4LnVrIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGZlM1x1ZDgzZFx1ZGQyNStcdTA2YTlcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDZcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDQrXHUwNjMzXHUwNjMxXHUwNjQ4XHUwNjMxK1x1MDYzMVx1MDYyN1x1MDZjY1x1MDZhZlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NitARmFyYWhWUE4ifQ==Country = #US(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYlx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmNyBGUi0zOC4xMDkuMjI4LjIxNDoxNDg1NCIsICJhZGQiOiAiMzguMTA5LjIyOC4yMTQiLCAicG9ydCI6IDE0ODU0LCAiaWQiOiAiZjBhMjE0YmEtMmE0Zi00ZjIyLWIzNDItMDMxMjM3MjZhYjI3IiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxODguMTE0Ljk5LjE4MyIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogImxpbmRlMDYuaW5kaWF2aWRlby5zYnMiLAogICAgImlkIjogImVkYmIxMDU5LTE2MzMtNDI3MS1iNjZlLWVkNGZiYTQ3YTFiZiIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rd3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTE4OC4xMTQuOTkuMTgzLTc1NDMiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJsaW5kZTA2LmluZGlhdmlkZW8uc2JzIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJmazItYmFzaC44OTA2MTcueHl6IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiZmsyLWJhc2guODkwNjE3Lnh5eiIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiZmVkZGMzMjYtZGE3MC00ZmFiLTk1YTktOGY5OGJlNmRhNjMzIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2ZrMi0xIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogMjA4NywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTcyLjY3LjE1OS41Ni01NjI0IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiZmsyLWJhc2guODkwNjE3Lnh5eiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICI1MS43Ny4yMC4xMzciLAogICAgImFpZCI6IDAsCiAgICAiaG9zdCI6ICJ0aWxlYmFuaS5jb20iLAogICAgImlkIjogIjAzZmNjNjE4LWI5M2QtNjc5Ni02YWVkLThhMzhjOTc1ZDU4MSIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rdndzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfh6vwn4e3RlItNTEuNzcuMjAuMTM3LTc1NzkiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsCiAgICAic25pIjogIiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxMDQuMTkuMTUwLjEwIiwiYWlkIjoiMCIsImFscG4iOiIiLCJmcCI6IiIsImhvc3QiOiJtY2kubXRuLmlyLmNvbS5vcmcubmV0Lm9tMi5tdXNpY2ZhMTIzLmlyLiIsImlkIjoiOTRmMzMyYjAtYzVkMy00NTMxLWExZDYtNmU2MzU4Y2M2YzcyIiwibmV0IjoiaHR0cHVwZ3JhZGUiLCJwYXRoIjoiL2QzZDNMbWx5WVc1b2IzTjBMbU52YlFcdTAwM2RcdTAwM2Q/ZWRcdTAwM2QyNTYwIiwicG9ydCI6IjIwOTUiLCJwcyI6Itqp2KfZhtmB24zaryDZvtix2LPYsdi52Kog2LHYp9uM2q/Yp9mG8J+Mi0B2bWVzYyIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJ0bHMiOiIiLCJ0eXBlIjoiLS0tIiwidiI6IjIifQ==‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚ù• MtnFree serviceüëáüëáüëáüëáüëá‚úÖ @vmesc
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxNDYuMTkuMTY4LjE2MSIsImFpZCI6IjAiLCJhbHBuIjoiIiwiZnAiOiJjaHJvbWUiLCJob3N0IjoiYXowNS5iZXlvbmR5LmNmZCIsImlkIjoiM2Y2MzhmMzQtOGRiYS00MTg2LWJjNDMtMjcxNmE3ZGRkNGJlIiwibmV0Ijoid3MiLCJwYXRoIjoiL2xpbmsiLCJwb3J0IjoiNDQzIiwicHMiOiJb8J+Hq/Cfh7dddC5tZS9Db25maWdzSHViIiwic2N5IjoiYXV0byIsInNuaSI6ImF6MDUuYmV5b25keS5jZmQiLCJ0bHMiOiJ0bHMiLCJ0eXBlIjoiIiwidiI6IjIifQ==œü ·¥õ·¥á ú Ä·¥Ä…¥ œü Íú± ú…™ Ä·¥Ä·¥¢ œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü ·¥ã·¥Ä Ä·¥Ä·¥ä œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #“ì Ä·¥Ä…¥·¥Ñ·¥á(“ì Ä)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess: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Country = #China(üá®üá≥)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiNjcuMjIwLjk0LjEzNyIsICJwb3J0IjogNTcxMjMsICJpZCI6ICJiNGQzYTgxYi1lYzBlLTRhMjctYTM1OS02ZGVhMGM0ZjFmNzUiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogIm5vbmUifQ==Country = #Canada(üá®üá¶)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlOVx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYSBERS0xOTMuMTA4LjExOC4xMzY6MTU3MTMiLCAiYWRkIjogIjE5My4xMDguMTE4LjEzNiIsICJwb3J0IjogMTU3MTMsICJpZCI6ICJmNzRlMjc3ZS04NGIzLTQ2YTItOGFiZC0yNzc3ZmE1ZTRhZjkiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogIm5vbmUifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMzQuMTk1LjE5OC4xNDciLAogICAgImFpZCI6IDAsCiAgICAiaG9zdCI6ICJpbm5hLmNmZCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiMDNmY2M2MTgtYjkzZC02Nzk2LTZhZWQtOGEzOGM5NzVkNTgxIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt2d3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+HqPCfh6ZDQS0xMzQuMTk1LjE5OC4xNDctNzUyOCIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNzIuNjcuMTg5LjI3IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAibnkyLXN1Yi45MzAucHAudWEiLAogICAgImlkIjogImYwODJlZWNhLWUwNjgtNDVmOS1kMWJmLTQ2ZTlkZTliZGY1NyIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9ueTItc3ViLjkzMC5wcC51YSIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDIwNTMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTE3Mi42Ny4xODkuMjctMDgxMiIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogZmFsc2UsCiAgICAic25pIjogIm55Mi1zdWIuOTMwLnBwLnVhIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYyBTRy02Mi4xNDYuMjMzLjc5OjQ0MTI3IiwgImFkZCI6ICI2Mi4xNDYuMjMzLjc5IiwgInBvcnQiOiA0NDEyNywgImlkIjogImFlMGZhODIyLTU4YmItNDgzZi05YWY1LWQ0MTdkOGMyM2IyMSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OQSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZjhcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZWEgU0UtMTY5LjE1MC4yMDguODM6MTgwMDAiLCAiYWRkIjogIjE2OS4xNTAuMjA4LjgzIiwgInBvcnQiOiAxODAwMCwgImFpZCI6IDAsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogImY4YzhkYzNkLTBkMzctNDZiMC04YjM0LWE3MjMyODgyZmNmZSJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTAzLjY3Ljc5LjE1NyIsICJwb3J0IjogNDUzNjUsICJpZCI6ICI3ZDJhNGU2Ni0xNTJjLTQ5ZjUtOWZmNS1jMTlhODM2ZThjODkiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogIm5vbmUifQ==Country = #Indonesia(üáÆüá©)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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Country = #The_Netherlands(üá≥üá±)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJiZTRhYzAzYy1zdW00ZzAtc3gxY3h4LTF0ZmprLnN2LnBsZWJhaS5uZXQiLAogICAgImFpZCI6IDIsCiAgICAiaG9zdCI6ICJicm9hZGNhc3Rsdi5jaGF0LmJpbGliaWxpLmNvbSIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNDkzOTZkOTgtZjRiNC0xMWVmLThjM2YtZjIzYzkxM2M4ZDJiIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDgwLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfh7rwn4e4VVMtMTk4LjIuMjQzLjUxLTA5MTYiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICIiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsCiAgICAic25pIjogIiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess: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ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJobXMyNi54cGVuZ21vdG9ycy5zYnMiLAogICAgImFpZCI6IDAsCiAgICAiaG9zdCI6ICJobXMyNi54cGVuZ21vdG9ycy5zYnMiLAogICAgImlkIjogImZiMGEyZGU2LWJmMDYtNGZmMC05N2NlLWMyMWFiY2RjMmQ1NSIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rd3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+Hq/Cfh7dGUi00NS4xNDUuMTY2LjIwOS01NTA3IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiaG1zMjYueHBlbmdtb3RvcnMuc2JzIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlNlx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmYSBBVS0xNTQuMjYuMTUzLjE2MToyMTc1OSIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTU0LjI2LjE1My4xNjEiLCAicG9ydCI6IDIxNzU5LCAiaWQiOiAiZTVmMTZmYWQtZjljMy00NTJiLThlNzEtYmM5NTA0ZTI5ZmM5IiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIiwgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIzOC4xNC4xMDcuMjI2IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiA2NCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogIiIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNDE4MDQ4YWYtYTI5My00Yjk5LTliMGMtOThjYTM1ODBkZDI0IiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL3BhdGgvMzQwNDM0MTMwMDMyIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogMzgwMDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+HuvCfh7hVUy0zOC4xNC4xMDcuMjI2LTU1MDMiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsCiAgICAic25pIjogIiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjEuMTguMjI3IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiamFoZmtqaGEuY2ZkIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICI5NTBkYjZhYS00OTI2LTQ2MTYtODE2ZS1lYzAzMTJkY2I4N2IiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfj4FSRUxBWS0xMDQuMjEuMTguMjI3LTc1NjEiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsCiAgICAic25pIjogIiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIwNmU2YjA3NS1zdW00ZzAtc3gxY3h4LTF0ZmprLmhrMy5wNXB2LmNvbSIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMiwKICAgICJob3N0IjogImJyb2FkY2FzdGx2LmNoYXQuYmlsaWJpbGkuY29tIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICI0OTM5NmQ5OC1mNGI0LTExZWYtOGMzZi1mMjNjOTEzYzhkMmIiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogODAsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+HrfCfh7BISy0xLjY1LjIwOC4xMjgtMjM0MSIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogIiIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAiYWRkIjogIjYyLjE0Ni4yMzIuMTUyIiwgInBvcnQiOiAzMzA2NCwgImlkIjogIjk0MmQ1NmU0LWNmNzItNGE3YS1hODdjLWY1NTVhMjcwZDc5YSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSIsICJwcyI6ICJcdWQ4M2RcdWRmZTNcdWQ4M2RcdWRkMjUrXHUwNmE5XHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2XHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ0K1x1MDYzM1x1MDYzMVx1MDY0OFx1MDYzMStcdTA2MzFcdTA2MjdcdTA2Y2NcdTA2YWZcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDYrQEZhcmFoVlBOIn0=Country = #Singapore(üá∏üá¨)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJobXMxOS5iZXN0LXRpemkudG9wIiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNjJhYTVmODAtMDMyOC00MDA0LWEzNzUtN2Y1YTU5ZGY0MDIyIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4ep8J+HqkRFLTkxLjE5NS4yNDAuMTItNzYwNyIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogZmFsc2UsCiAgICAic25pIjogImhtczE5LmJlc3QtdGl6aS50b3AiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJsb24yLWRhc2guOTMwLnBwLnVhIiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAibG9uMi1kYXNoLjkzMC5wcC51YSIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiYmM4NmY5NDktNzE1Mi00MzY3LTkyZjUtN2ExMWVhY2Y5YzliIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xvbjItc3ViLjkzMC5wcC51YSIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDIwOTYsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTEwNC4yMS41Ny4zOC01NTg1IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAibG9uMi1zdWIuOTMwLnBwLnVhIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxMDMuMTQ5LjE4My4xNzgiLCJhaWQiOiIwIiwiYWxwbiI6IiIsImZwIjoiIiwiaG9zdCI6IiIsImlkIjoiM2E5MDc5NTYtZjY2OC00ZTZiLWVhMDMtMDk0OWYwYzljMGE1IiwibmV0IjoidGNwIiwicGF0aCI6IiIsInBvcnQiOiI1NDY3NSIsInBzIjoi2LPYsdmI2LEg2LHYp9uM2q/Yp9mGINm+2LHYs9ix2LnYqvCfjIogQHZtZXNzX2lyIiwic2N5IjoiYXV0byIsInNuaSI6IiIsInRscyI6IiIsInR5cGUiOiJub25lIiwidiI6IjIifQ==ŸÖÿÆÿµŸàÿµ ŸáŸÖÿ±ÿßŸá ÿßŸàŸÑ Ÿà Ÿàÿß€åŸÅÿß€å‚úÖÿ≠ÿ™ŸÖÿß ÿ®Ÿá ÿßÿ¥ÿ™ÿ±ÿß⁄© ÿ®ÿ≤ÿßÿ±€åÿØ ‚úÖ@vmess_irüöÄüöÄüí¨üí¨üí¨üì∑üì∑üí¨üì∫üì∫üí¨üòçÿØÿ± ÿµŸàÿ±ÿ™ ÿßÿ™ÿµÿßŸÑ ÿ≠ÿ™ŸÖÿß ÿØÿ± ÿ±€å⁄©ÿ¥ŸÜ Ÿáÿß ÿ¥ÿ±⁄©ÿ™ ⁄©ŸÜ€åÿØüòç
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxODguMTE0Ljk3LjYiLCJhaWQiOiIwIiwiYWxwbiI6IiIsImhvc3QiOiJsaW5kZTA2LmluZGlhdmlkZW8uc2JzIiwiaWQiOiJlZGJiMTA1OS0xNjMzLTQyNzEtYjY2ZS1lZDRmYmE0N2ExYmYiLCJuZXQiOiJ3cyIsInBhdGgiOiIvbGlua3dzIiwicG9ydCI6IjQ0MyIsInBzIjoiW/Cfh6jwn4emXXQubWUvQ29uZmlnc0h1YiIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJzbmkiOiJsaW5kZTA2LmluZGlhdmlkZW8uc2JzIiwidGxzIjoidGxzIiwidHlwZSI6IiIsInYiOiIyIn0=œü ·¥õ·¥á ú Ä·¥Ä…¥ œü Íú± ú…™ Ä·¥Ä·¥¢ œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü ·¥ã·¥Ä Ä·¥Ä·¥ä œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #·¥Ñ·¥Ä…¥·¥Ä·¥Ö·¥Ä(·¥Ñ·¥Ä)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAidjkuaGVkdWlhbi5saW5rIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiMzA4MDkiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgImlkIjogImNiYjNmODc3LWQxZmItMzQ0Yy04N2E5LWQxNTNiZmZkNTQ4NCIsICJhaWQiOiAiMiIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvb29vbyIsICJob3N0IjogImJhaWR1LmNvbSIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIn0=Country = #China(üá®üá≥)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTA0LjIxLjExMi4xIiwgInYiOiAiMiIsICJwcyI6ICJcdWQ4M2RcdWRmZTNcdWQ4M2RcdWRkMjUrXHUwNmE5XHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2XHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ0K1x1MDYzM1x1MDYzMVx1MDY0OFx1MDYzMStcdTA2MzFcdTA2MjdcdTA2Y2NcdTA2YWZcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDYrQEZhcmFoVlBOIiwgInBvcnQiOiA4MCwgImlkIjogIjdmOGExYmI5LWJlZTAtNDBhOC1mOTA4LTIxYTY1ZGEwZjNjYyIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAidHlwZSI6ICIiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJ1czJ2bWVzcy5ybm1jbm0uY29tIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLzEyM3F3ZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIn0=Country = #US(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAia3IzLnR0Y2MudGVjaCIsICJwb3J0IjogIjQ0MyIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLCAiaWQiOiAiYjJkMTA2NzMtMjRjYy00Zjk2LWIxZjMtZGE4YjE3NTg5MDc3IiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLyJ9Country = #South_Korea(üá∞üá∑)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiNjIuMTQ2LjIzMi4xNTMiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAiYWxwbiI6ICIiLCAiZnAiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjEzZTEzYTNlLWU5ODEtNGVlYS1hOWZjLTEzZTUwNjI4ZmQ5YiIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiNTMxNDQiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OQSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZjhcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZWMgU0ctNjIuMTQ2LjIzMi4xNTM6NTMxNDQiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAic25pIjogIiIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ2IjogIjIifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTA0LjE5LjQ4LjIzNiIsICJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVdTLU5BIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGZmNFx1MjAwZFx1MjYyMFx1ZmUwZiBOQS0xMDQuMTkuNDguMjM2OjIwODIiLCAicG9ydCI6IDIwODIsICJpZCI6ICI0YjM2NjI1Yy1iOWQ5LTNlYTYtYWVkNS04NmQ2MmM3MGUxNmQiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiMTAwLTU5LTE3OC0yNDcuczQuY24tZGIudG9wIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiL2RhYmFpLmluMTA0LjE5LjEwMS4xMTAiLCAidGxzIjogIiJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiNTEuODEuMjAzLjU3IiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgImFscG4iOiAiIiwgImZwIjogIiIsICJob3N0IjogIiIsICJpZCI6ICIxNzg0NDk3ZC0wM2ExLTQwYmItYmI4Yi1kZTRmZmFjN2M1OWMiLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJwYXRoIjogIiIsICJwb3J0IjogIjI4ODYwIiwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGQxMiBWTS1UQ1AtTk9ORSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZmFcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZjggVVMtNTEuODEuMjAzLjU3OjI4ODYwIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNuaSI6ICIiLCAidGxzIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInYiOiAiMiJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMzguNDguMjI3LjIzMSIsICJhaWQiOiA2NCwgImhvc3QiOiAid3d3LjQyMjY2NDUxLnh5eiIsICJpZCI6ICI0MTgwNDhhZi1hMjkzLTRiOTktOWIwYy05OGNhMzU4MGRkMjQiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiL3BhdGgvMjQwODExMDYyODEzIiwgInBvcnQiOiA0Nzc3OCwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGQxMiBWTS1XUy1UTFMgXHVkODNjXHVkZGZhXHVkODNjXHVkZGY4IFVTLTM4LjQ4LjIyNy4yMzE6NDc3NzgiLCAidGxzIjogInRscyIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogZmFsc2UsICJzbmkiOiAid3d3LjQyMjY2NDUxLnh5eiJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJsb24xLWRhc2guODkwNjk5Lnh5eiIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogImxvbjEtc3ViLjg5MDY5OS54eXoiLAogICAgImlkIjogIjQxOTYzZTZiLTI5NWQtNDVhMC1iNmNjLTM4ZmJkZDNlM2Y3NSIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9sb24xLXN1Yi44OTA2OTkueHl6IiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogODQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTA0LjIxLjQ4LjEtMDc0OSIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OQSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZThcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZjMgQ04tMTgzLjIzNi41MS4zNjo1OTAwMyIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTgzLjIzNi41MS4zNiIsICJwb3J0IjogIjU5MDAzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJpZCI6ICI0MTgwNDhhZi1hMjkzLTRiOTktOWIwYy05OGNhMzU4MGRkMjQiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJwYXRoIjogIi8iLCAiaG9zdCI6ICIiLCAidGxzIjogIiJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlNiBDQS02Ny4yMjAuOTQuMTk2OjQ3OTQxIiwgImFkZCI6ICI2Ny4yMjAuOTQuMTk2IiwgInBvcnQiOiA0Nzk0MSwgImlkIjogIjRiZTQ0MTgwLTI1ZjktNDUyZi1hYjZiLWJlMDc1OGNlZjJiNiIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZX0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNzIuNjcuMTc5LjE5OSIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogImxpbmRlMDYuaW5kaWF2aWRlby5zYnMiLAogICAgImlkIjogImVkYmIxMDU5LTE2MzMtNDI3MS1iNjZlLWVkNGZiYTQ3YTFiZiIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rd3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTE3Mi42Ny4xNzkuMTk5LTc1MjIiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsCiAgICAic25pIjogIiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxODguMTE0Ljk2LjUiLAogICAgImFpZCI6IDAsCiAgICAiaG9zdCI6ICJsaW5kZTA2LmluZGlhdmlkZW8uc2JzIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICJlZGJiMTA1OS0xNjMzLTQyNzEtYjY2ZS1lZDRmYmE0N2ExYmYiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfj4FSRUxBWS0xODguMTE0Ljk2LjUtNzU1OSIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogZmFsc2UsCiAgICAic25pIjogImxpbmRlMDYuaW5kaWF2aWRlby5zYnMiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVJBVy1OQSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZjhcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZWMgU0ctNjIuMTQ2LjIzMy4xMTI6MzY3MTIiLCAiYWRkIjogIjYyLjE0Ni4yMzMuMTEyIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiMzY3MTIiLCAiaWQiOiAiOTI2NmRmNDItMDgzMC00OGMyLTg1MDktNGM1N2IzMGZlMjlkIiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJyYXciLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJxdWl6LmludC52aWRpby5jb20iLAogICAgImFpZCI6IDAsCiAgICAiaG9zdCI6ICJzZXJ2MS5pZGtzMS53ZWIuaWQiLAogICAgImlkIjogIjljN2M3MDM5LWE1ZjEtNDdiMi05MjI1LWNiYjViZjAzYjllNiIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi92bWVzcyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTA0LjIyLjQuMjQwLTA3MzAiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJzZXJ2MS5pZGtzMS53ZWIuaWQiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMS42NS4yMDQuMjExIiwgImFpZCI6IDIsICJob3N0IjogImJyb2FkY2FzdGx2LmNoYXQuYmlsaWJpbGkuY29tIiwgImlkIjogIjQ5Mzk2ZDk4LWY0YjQtMTFlZi04YzNmLWYyM2M5MTNjOGQyYiIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgInBvcnQiOiA4MCwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGQxMiBWTS1XUy1OQSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZWRcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZjAgSEstMS42NS4yMDQuMjExOjgwIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLCAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsICJzbmkiOiAiIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxMDQuMTkuMTUwLjEwIiwiYWlkIjoiMCIsImFscG4iOiIiLCJmcCI6IiIsImhvc3QiOiJtY2kubXRuLmlyLmNvbS5vcmcubmV0Lm9tMi5tdXNpY2ZhMTIzLmlyLiIsImlkIjoiOTRmMzMyYjAtYzVkMy00NTMxLWExZDYtNmU2MzU4Y2M2YzcyIiwibmV0IjoiaHR0cHVwZ3JhZGUiLCJwYXRoIjoiL2QzZDNMbWx5WVc1b2IzTjBMbU52YlFcdTAwM2RcdTAwM2Q/ZWRcdTAwM2QyNTYwIiwicG9ydCI6IjIwOTUiLCJwcyI6Itiz2LHZiNixINix2KfbjNqv2KfZhiDZvtix2LPYsdi52Krwn4yKIEB2bWVzc19pciIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJ0bHMiOiIiLCJ0eXBlIjoiLS0tIiwidiI6IjIifQ==ŸÖÿÆÿµŸàÿµ ÿß€åÿ±ÿßŸÜÿ≥ŸÑ Ÿà ÿ±ÿß€åÿ™ŸÑ‚úÖÿ≠ÿ™ŸÖÿß ÿ®Ÿá ÿßÿ¥ÿ™ÿ±ÿß⁄© ÿ®ÿ≤ÿßÿ±€åÿØ ‚úÖ@vmess_irüöÄüöÄüí¨üí¨üí¨üì∑üì∑üí¨üì∫üì∫üí¨üòçÿØÿ± ÿµŸàÿ±ÿ™ ÿßÿ™ÿµÿßŸÑ ÿ≠ÿ™ŸÖÿß ÿØÿ± ÿ±€å⁄©ÿ¥ŸÜ Ÿáÿß ÿ¥ÿ±⁄©ÿ™ ⁄©ŸÜ€åÿØüòç
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxNzIuNjcuMTcwLjEwMyIsImFpZCI6IjAiLCJhbHBuIjoiaDMiLCJmcCI6ImNocm9tZSIsImhvc3QiOiJnbHdlaWRmLnNicyIsImlkIjoiNzYyMjFiZmItZTkyZi00ZTgwLTgxYzUtNmZlNDhmNTBhYzBiIiwibmV0Ijoid3MiLCJwYXRoIjoiL2xpbmt3cyIsInBvcnQiOiI0NDMiLCJwcyI6Ilvwn4eo8J+Hpl10Lm1lL0NvbmZpZ3NIdWIiLCJzY3kiOiJhdXRvIiwic25pIjoiZ2x3ZWlkZi5zYnMiLCJ0bHMiOiJ0bHMiLCJ0eXBlIjoiIiwidiI6IjIifQ==œü ·¥õ·¥á ú Ä·¥Ä…¥ œü Íú± ú…™ Ä·¥Ä·¥¢ œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü ·¥ã·¥Ä Ä·¥Ä·¥ä œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #·¥Ñ·¥Ä…¥·¥Ä·¥Ö·¥Ä(·¥Ñ·¥Ä)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTIwLjE5OC43MS4yMTQiLCAicG9ydCI6ICIzNDA5MyIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAiaWQiOiAiNDE4MDQ4YWYtYTI5My00Yjk5LTliMGMtOThjYTM1ODBkZDI0IiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICIifQ==Country = #China(üá®üá≥)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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 = #Canada(üá®üá¶)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiNDYuMjUwLjI1My4yMzQiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAiYWxwbiI6ICIiLCAiZnAiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjc2MmIzOTIzLTU4ODUtNGM1Zi04ODZmLWU2Mjc4ODUxMjMzOCIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiMjg4NzIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzbmkiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAidHlwZSI6ICIiLCAidiI6ICIyIn0=Country = #Japan(üáØüáµ)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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 = #Canada(üá®üá¶)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjYuMC45NSIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogIm9iZGlpLmNmZCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiMDU2NDFjZjUtNThkMi00YmE0LWE5ZjEtYjNjZGEwYjFmYjFkIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTA0LjI2LjAuOTUtNzQ3MCIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogZmFsc2UsCiAgICAic25pIjogIm9iZGlpLmNmZCIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMzEuMTI5LjEwNS4yMzkiLCAiYWlkIjogMCwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjc5M2UwM2NjLTJiMDgtNGQxYi1iYjBiLTU5MjU2N2QxOTA0MyIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgInBvcnQiOiAxNjIzMSwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGQxMiBWTS1XUy1OQSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZjdcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZmEgUlUtMzEuMTI5LjEwNS4yMzk6MTYyMzEiLCAidGxzIjogIiIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwgInNuaSI6ICIifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OQSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZWZcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZjUgSlAtMTMuMjMwLjIzNS4yNDc6NDg4ODkiLCAiYWRkIjogIjEzLjIzMC4yMzUuMjQ3IiwgInBvcnQiOiAiNDg4ODkiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgImlkIjogImMxMzBjYjM2LWM5M2YtNGJlNy05MjI4LWE3YTk3ZDQzODg1YSIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsICJob3N0IjogImd5LnlvdWFyZW15Z29kLnRvcCIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlNiBDQS0yMy4xNjIuMjAwLjkxOjIwMTgyIiwgImFkZCI6ICIyMy4xNjIuMjAwLjkxIiwgInBvcnQiOiAyMDE4MiwgImlkIjogImNjOWI2NmI3LTFkZTctNGFhOS05NjQyLTU3NWE4YWUzZmYxOSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNzIuNjcuMTUzLjE1NiIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogInVzd3V4aWFuLnBhaTUwMjg4LnVrIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICJjMzEzNjA2Zi05OGMyLTRkN2ItYmE3NC00OGI5NGY2MWIxMWQiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogODQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTcyLjY3LjE1My4xNTYtMDMwNyIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmYVx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOCBVUy01MS44MS4yMDMuNTc6Mjg4NjAiLCAiYWRkIjogIjUxLjgxLjIwMy41NyIsICJwb3J0IjogMjg4NjAsICJpZCI6ICIxNzg0NDk3ZC0wM2ExLTQwYmItYmI4Yi1kZTRmZmFjN2M1OWMiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogIm5vbmUifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjEuOTQuMTY4IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNjJhYTVmODAtMDMyOC00MDA0LWEzNzUtN2Y1YTU5ZGY0MDIyIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTA0LjIxLjk0LjE2OC03NDQ4IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICIiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYyBTRy02Mi4xNDYuMjMzLjExMjozNjcxMiIsICJhZGQiOiAiNjIuMTQ2LjIzMy4xMTIiLCAicG9ydCI6IDM2NzEyLCAiaWQiOiAiOTI2NmRmNDItMDgzMC00OGMyLTg1MDktNGM1N2IzMGZlMjlkIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNzIuNjcuNzEuMTYwIiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAib2JkaWkuY2ZkIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICIwNTY0MWNmNS01OGQyLTRiYTQtYTlmMS1iM2NkYTBiMWZiMWQiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfj4FSRUxBWS0xNzIuNjcuNzEuMTYwLTc0NzkiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJvYmRpaS5jZmQiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMzguMTQuMTA3LjIyNSIsICJwb3J0IjogMzgwMDMsICJhaWQiOiA2NCwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogInRscyIsICJpZCI6ICI0MTgwNDhhZi1hMjkzLTRiOTktOWIwYy05OGNhMzU4MGRkMjQiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJ3d3cuMjMxNzk3NTMueHl6IiwgInBhdGgiOiAiL3BhdGgvMTgxNzIxMjcyMTE0In0=Country = #United_States(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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 = #France(üá´üá∑)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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 = #France(üá´üá∑)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTU0LjgzLjIuOTAiLCAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywgImFpZCI6IDAsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLCAiaWQiOiAiOTUwZGI2YWEtNDkyNi00NjE2LTgxNmUtZWMwMzEyZGNiODdiIiwgInNuaSI6ICJqYWhma2poYS5jZmQiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJqYWhma2poYS5jZmQiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIn0=Country = #Seychelles(üá∏üá®)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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Country = #France(üá´üá∑)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNzIuNjcuMTMxLjE3IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNjJhYTVmODAtMDMyOC00MDA0LWEzNzUtN2Y1YTU5ZGY0MDIyIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTcyLjY3LjEzMS4xNy03NDM2IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlY1x1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlNyBHQi0xNDkuNy4xNi4xNDk6MzcxMDEiLCAiYWRkIjogIjE0OS43LjE2LjE0OSIsICJwb3J0IjogMzcxMDEsICJpZCI6ICJmYjNmYzI0My00Njk4LTQ5YzQtOGM0NC0wNDE1ZjY4YTRkMjUiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogIm5vbmUifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMTcuMjEzLjU3IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAieG1pdmlkZW8uY2ZkIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICI5M2VhNDg2YS1iYWRhLTQyYTQtYWMzOC1kMDg4YjMyMGZhMWUiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfj4FSRUxBWS0xMDQuMTcuMjEzLjU3LTc0NDMiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJ4bWl2aWRlby5jZmQiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlNiBDQS02Ny4yMjAuOTQuMTM3OjU3MTIzIiwgImFkZCI6ICI2Ny4yMjAuOTQuMTM3IiwgInBvcnQiOiA1NzEyMywgImlkIjogImI0ZDNhODFiLWVjMGUtNGEyNy1hMzU5LTZkZWEwYzRmMWY3NSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmM1x1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmMSBOTC0xODUuMjIxLjIxOS4yMDo0Nzg1NiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTg1LjIyMS4yMTkuMjAiLCAicG9ydCI6IDQ3ODU2LCAiaWQiOiAiMDY1MDE2MTQtMmNkZS00NTg5LWI3NWYtOGRmODk1ZTY1YjNjIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIyMy4xNTguNTYuMTg0IiwiYWlkIjoiMCIsImFscG4iOiIiLCJmcCI6IiIsImhvc3QiOiIiLCJpZCI6IjA0NjIxYmFlLWFiMzYtMTFlYy1iOTA5LTAyNDJhYzEyMDAwMiIsIm5ldCI6InRjcCIsInBhdGgiOiIiLCJwb3J0IjoiMjIzMjQiLCJwcyI6Itqp2KfZhtmB24zaryDZvtix2LPYsdi52Kog2LHYp9uM2q/Yp9mG8J+Mi0B2bWVzYyIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJ0bHMiOiIiLCJ0eXBlIjoibm9uZSIsInYiOiIyIn0=‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚ù• MciFree serviceüëáüëáüëáüëáüëá‚úÖ @vmesc
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTY5LjE1MC4yMDguODMiLCAicG9ydCI6IDE4MDAwLCAiYWlkIjogMCwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAiaWQiOiAiZjhjOGRjM2QtMGQzNy00NmIwLThiMzQtYTcyMzI4ODJmY2ZlIn0=Country = #Sweden(üá∏üá™)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTQ5LjcuMTYuMTQ5IiwgInBvcnQiOiAzNzEwMSwgImlkIjogImZiM2ZjMjQzLTQ2OTgtNDljNC04YzQ0LTA0MTVmNjhhNGQyNSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9Country = #United_Kingdom(üá¨üáß)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiNTcuMTI5LjI0LjE0MSIsICJwb3J0IjogIjQ0MyIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAiaWQiOiAiMDNmY2M2MTgtYjkzZC02Nzk2LTZhZWQtOGEzOGM5NzVkNTgxIiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rdndzIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMifQ==Country = #Germany(üá©üá™)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAidXMydm1lc3Mucm5tY25tLmNvbSIsICJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJwb3J0IjogODAsICJpZCI6ICI3ZjhhMWJiOS1iZWUwLTQwYTgtZjkwOC0yMWE2NWRhMGYzY2MiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLzEyM3F3ZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIn0=Country = #US(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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 = #Germany(üá©üá™)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJQYXJzVmRzLmlyIiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiZ2x3ZWlkZi5zYnMiLAogICAgImlkIjogIjc2MjIxYmZiLWU5MmYtNGU4MC04MWM1LTZmZTQ4ZjUwYWMwYiIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rd3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTEwNC4yMS45NC4xNjgtMTEzOSIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTA0LjIxLjE2LjEiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAiYWxwbiI6ICIiLCAiZnAiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjdmOGExYmI5LWJlZTAtNDBhOC1mOTA4LTIxYTY1ZGEwZjNjYyIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvMTIzcXdlIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiODAiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVdTLU5BIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGZmNFx1MjAwZFx1MjYyMFx1ZmUwZiBOQS0xMDQuMjEuMTYuMTo4MCIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzbmkiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAidHlwZSI6ICItLS0iLCAidiI6ICIyIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIyMy4xNjIuMjAwLjIyNyIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogIiIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiMDNmY2M2MTgtYjkzZC02Nzk2LTZhZWQtOGEzOGM5NzVkNTgxIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt2d3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+HqPCfh6ZDQS0yMy4xNjIuMjAwLjIyNy03NDQ3IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICIiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxODguMTE0Ljk3Ljc5IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAibGluZGUwNi5pbmRpYXZpZGVvLnNicyIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiZWRiYjEwNTktMTYzMy00MjcxLWI2NmUtZWQ0ZmJhNDdhMWJmIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTg4LjExNC45Ny43OS03NDQwIiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAibGluZGUwNi5pbmRpYXZpZGVvLnNicyIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTA0LjIxLjk2LjEiLCAiYWlkIjogMCwgImhvc3QiOiAiZGUwMS5zaC1jbG91ZGZsYXJlLnNicyIsICJpZCI6ICI3NWEwODg1Zi0wY2E1LTQyYTQtODY1MS0zOTFjZjgxOTMxNTQiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsICJwb3J0IjogMjA5NiwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGQxMiBWTS1XUy1UTFMgXHVkODNjXHVkZmY0XHUyMDBkXHUyNjIwXHVmZTBmIE5BLTEwNC4yMS45Ni4xOjIwOTYiLCAidGxzIjogInRscyIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwgInNuaSI6ICJkZTAxLnNoLWNsb3VkZmxhcmUuc2JzIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjoiMiIsInBzIjoiRC1GQUlUSC02MjI3IiwiYWRkIjoiMTY3LjcxLjI1MC4xMTUiLCJwb3J0IjoiODg4MSIsImlkIjoiZGI1YWZhZTQtYWMyMy00MWE2LTgzNzgtZjMwN2E5YTQ3NDM2IiwiYWlkIjoiMCIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJuZXQiOiJ0Y3AiLCJ0eXBlIjoiaHR0cCIsImhvc3QiOiJtb2kuaXIiLCJwYXRoIjoiLyIsInRscyI6Im5vbmUiLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJhbHBuIjoiIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess: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 = #Moldova(üá≤üá©)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYyBTRy0xNTQuMjYuMTM3LjQyOjQ0MTA0IiwgImFkZCI6ICIxNTQuMjYuMTM3LjQyIiwgInBvcnQiOiA0NDEwNCwgImlkIjogImU5OTMzYTRjLWU1NmUtNDU4Yy1iY2Y0LTljYjM4NzViYmE1NSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmM1x1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmMSBOTC0xNzIuOTkuMTg4LjE5MDo0NzkyNSIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTcyLjk5LjE4OC4xOTAiLCAicG9ydCI6IDQ3OTI1LCAiaWQiOiAiZjU4ZmZkYTItM2VmYy00OWE1LTkwNDctZjhjMmY5M2M1NzVkIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYlx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmNyBGUi0zOC4xMDkuMjI4LjE2MzoyNzA2MCIsICJhZGQiOiAiMzguMTA5LjIyOC4xNjMiLCAicG9ydCI6IDI3MDYwLCAiaWQiOiAiNzFkYTQwYjktYzIwZS00YTZlLTgwY2ItYzgxNDFmNjkzNTI2IiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNTIuNjcuMjUxLjIzMiIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogImlydmlkZW8uY2ZkIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICJlNTM3ZjJmNS0yYTBjLTRmNTktOTJjOS04MzJjYTY0MzNiZjMiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfh7rwn4e4VVMtMTUyLjY3LjI1MS4yMzItNzQzNSIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogZmFsc2UsCiAgICAic25pIjogImlydmlkZW8uY2ZkIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiJhbGlwLmNvbSIsImFpZCI6IjAiLCJhbHBuIjoiIiwiZnAiOiIiLCJob3N0IjoiIiwiaWQiOiJiNGMxZGQ2Mi1mMGRkLTRhNmYtOGU4NS1lNDI5M2EzMzgxODciLCJuZXQiOiJ0Y3AiLCJwYXRoIjoiIiwicG9ydCI6Ijg2NDMiLCJwcyI6Ilvwn4+BXXQubWUvQ29uZmlnc0h1YiIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJ0bHMiOiIiLCJ0eXBlIjoibm9uZSIsInYiOiIyIn0=œü ·¥õ·¥á ú Ä·¥Ä…¥ œü Íú± ú…™ Ä·¥Ä·¥¢ œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü ·¥ã·¥Ä Ä·¥Ä·¥ä œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: # ô Ä…™·¥õ…™s ú·¥†…™ Ä…¢…™…¥…™s ü·¥Ä…¥·¥Ös(·¥†…¢)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiNjUuMTA5LjE5Mi4yNDQiLCAicG9ydCI6IDI5ODc4LCAiaWQiOiAiNDJjZjZhMmEtZmM1Yy00MjJjLTg4YzQtYzJjZTE3MmEyMWE2IiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=Country = #Finland(üá´üáÆ)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiNDYuMjkuMTY2LjIzNyIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJhbHBuIjogIiIsICJmcCI6ICIiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICIiLCAiaWQiOiAiMGM0OWNkMTktMjc1OC00ZDM4LWU2YTgtMTFmMmQ2NjM1ODYwIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIiLCAicG9ydCI6ICI0NzU1NSIsICJwcyI6ICJcdWQ4M2RcdWRmZTNcdWQ4M2RcdWRkMjUrXHUwNmE5XHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2XHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ0K1x1MDYzM1x1MDYzMVx1MDY0OFx1MDYzMStcdTA2MzFcdTA2MjdcdTA2Y2NcdTA2YWZcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDYrQEZhcmFoVlBOIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNuaSI6ICIiLCAidGxzIjogIiIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidiI6ICIyIn0=Country = #Russia(üá∑üá∫)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTQ2LjU5LjU1LjUwIiwgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsICJhaWQiOiAwLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwgImlkIjogIjAzZmNjNjE4LWI5M2QtNjc5Ni02YWVkLThhMzhjOTc1ZDU4MSIsICJzbmkiOiAid3JtZWxtd3hsZi5na3RldmxycXpud3Fxb3p5LmZhYnBmczY2Z2l6bW5vamhjdnF4d2wua3l0cmNmenFsYTg3Z3ZndnM2Yzdram5ydWJ1aC5jYyIsICJob3N0IjogIm8ubWV0dWppLmNvbSIsICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rdndzIn0=Country = #Poland(üáµüá±)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAicHEtYnJhemlsMS4wOXZwbi5jb20iLCAicG9ydCI6ICI4MCIsICJpZCI6ICJjMDRjM2IzNC03MGZkLTRmZWMtOTYzZS1jMTJkMDlmMzZiZWYiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgImhvc3QiOiAicHEtYnJhemlsMS4wOXZwbi5jb20iLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvdm1lc3MvIn0=Country = #Brazil(üáßüá∑)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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Country = #Spain(üá™üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiNjUuMTA5LjE5Mi4yNDQiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAiYWxwbiI6ICIiLCAiZnAiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjg3MGFhZGZmLTNlYWMtNGQ5Zi1hMjFhLWMxYTAxNjY0YThjOCIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiNTI2MzUiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzbmkiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ2IjogIjIifQ==Country = #Finland(üá´üáÆ)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxODguMTE0Ljk5LjE4MyIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogImxpbmRlMDYuaW5kaWF2aWRlby5zYnMiLAogICAgImlkIjogImVkYmIxMDU5LTE2MzMtNDI3MS1iNjZlLWVkNGZiYTQ3YTFiZiIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rd3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTE4OC4xMTQuOTkuMTgzLTc0MjAiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJsaW5kZTA2LmluZGlhdmlkZW8uc2JzIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYyBTRy02Mi4xNDYuMjMyLjE1Nzo1Mjg1NiIsICJhZGQiOiAiNjIuMTQ2LjIzMi4xNTciLCAicG9ydCI6IDUyODU2LCAiaWQiOiAiZWQ1NGUzODgtYmZjNS00YjM2LWFlNGQtOGIzY2Q0NjBkM2Q0IiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIiwgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjEuOTQuMTY4IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNjJhYTVmODAtMDMyOC00MDA0LWEzNzUtN2Y1YTU5ZGY0MDIyIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTA0LjIxLjk0LjE2OC03NDU5IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICIiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess: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Country = #United_States(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIzOC4xNC4xMDcuMjI1IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiA2NCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogInd3dy4yMzE3OTc1My54eXoiLAogICAgImlkIjogIjQxODA0OGFmLWEyOTMtNGI5OS05YjBjLTk4Y2EzNTgwZGQyNCIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9wYXRoLzE4MTcyMTI3MjExNCIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDM4MDAzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfh7rwn4e4VVMtMzguMTQuMTA3LjIyNS03NDk4IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICIiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjEuMTguMjI3IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiamFoZmtqaGEuY2ZkIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICI5NTBkYjZhYS00OTI2LTQ2MTYtODE2ZS1lYzAzMTJkY2I4N2IiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfj4FSRUxBWS0xMDQuMjEuMTguMjI3LTc1MjAiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsCiAgICAic25pIjogIiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjoiMiIsInBzIjoiRC1GT1gtMjA4OCIsImFkZCI6IjEzOC4xOTcuMS4yMjIiLCJwb3J0IjoiODg4MSIsImlkIjoiZGI1YWZhZTQtYWMyMy00MWE2LTgzNzgtZjMwN2E5YTQ3NDM2IiwiYWlkIjoiMCIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJuZXQiOiJ0Y3AiLCJ0eXBlIjoiaHR0cCIsImhvc3QiOiJtb2kuaXIiLCJwYXRoIjoiLyIsInRscyI6Im5vbmUiLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJhbHBuIjoiIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxODUuMTQ2LjE3My4xNTgiLCJhaWQiOiIwIiwiYWxwbiI6IiIsImZwIjoiIiwiaG9zdCI6ImphaGZramhhLmNmZCIsImlkIjoiOTUwZGI2YWEtNDkyNi00NjE2LTgxNmUtZWMwMzEyZGNiODdiIiwibmV0Ijoid3MiLCJwYXRoIjoiL2xpbmt3cyIsInBvcnQiOiI0NDMiLCJwcyI6Ilvwn4e48J+Hql10Lm1lL0NvbmZpZ3NIdWIiLCJzY3kiOiJhdXRvIiwic25pIjoiamFoZmtqaGEuY2ZkIiwidGxzIjoidGxzIiwidHlwZSI6IiIsInYiOiIyIn0=œü ·¥õ·¥á ú Ä·¥Ä…¥ œü Íú± ú…™ Ä·¥Ä·¥¢ œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü ·¥ã·¥Ä Ä·¥Ä·¥ä œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #s·¥°·¥á·¥Ö·¥á…¥(s·¥á)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiczIuZGItbGluazAyLnRvcCIsICJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJwb3J0IjogODA4MCwgImlkIjogIjRiMzY2MjVjLWI5ZDktM2VhNi1hZWQ1LTg2ZDYyYzcwZTE2ZCIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAidHlwZSI6ICIiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICIxMDAtMTE5LTE1MS0yNDguczIuZGItbGluazAyLnRvcCIsICJwYXRoIjogIi9kYWJhaS5pbjE3Mi42NC40MS4xNTAiLCAidGxzIjogIiJ9Country = #US(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTcyLjk5LjE4OC4xOTAiLCAicG9ydCI6IDQ3OTI1LCAiaWQiOiAiZjU4ZmZkYTItM2VmYy00OWE1LTkwNDctZjhjMmY5M2M1NzVkIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=Country = #The_Netherlands(üá≥üá±)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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Country = #Canada(üá®üá¶)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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Country = #Germany(üá©üá™)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTcwLjExNC40NS41MiIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJhbHBuIjogIiIsICJmcCI6ICIiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJ1c3RvdWNqam5pZDE4c2o2dXMubG92ZWJhaXBpYW8uY29tIiwgImlkIjogIjkxOTliZjc4LTg3NjItNGVjNS05YjdmLTA3Mzk2YjcxZTlkNCIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiMjA4NiIsICJwcyI6ICJcdWQ4M2RcdWRkMTIgVk0tV1MtTkEgXHVkODNjXHVkZGZhXHVkODNjXHVkZGY4IFVTLTE3MC4xMTQuNDUuNTI6MjA4NiIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzbmkiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAidHlwZSI6ICIiLCAidiI6ICIyIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess: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ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMzcuMjcuMTgyLjEwOSIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJob3N0IjogIiIsICJpZCI6ICJiM2E2NDM1Yi1mZWFlLTQxZjQtYTZiOC1jZjNjMDllNTM2ZTEiLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJwYXRoIjogIiIsICJwb3J0IjogMzM3OCwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGQxMiBWTS1UQ1AtTk9ORSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZWJcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZWUgRkktMzcuMjcuMTgyLjEwOTozMzc4IiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiIiwgInYiOiAiMiJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxODguMTE0Ljk3Ljc5IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAibGluZGUwNi5pbmRpYXZpZGVvLnNicyIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiZWRiYjEwNTktMTYzMy00MjcxLWI2NmUtZWQ0ZmJhNDdhMWJmIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTg4LjExNC45Ny43OS03NTE3IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAibGluZGUwNi5pbmRpYXZpZGVvLnNicyIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTA0LjIxLjgyLjE4MyIsICJhaWQiOiAwLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJzZXJ2ZXIyNi5iZWhlc2h0YmFuZWguY29tIiwgImlkIjogIjVhNzAyMWUwLTI2YjQtNDVkNi1iMTc1LWZlNTUxNjAxY2E5NyIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgInBvcnQiOiA4ODgwLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVdTLU5BIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGZmNFx1MjAwZFx1MjYyMFx1ZmUwZiBOQS0xMDQuMjEuODIuMTgzOjg4ODAiLCAidGxzIjogIiIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwgInNuaSI6ICIifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjEuOTQuMTY4IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNjJhYTVmODAtMDMyOC00MDA0LWEzNzUtN2Y1YTU5ZGY0MDIyIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTA0LjIxLjk0LjE2OC03NTUwIiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICIiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess: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 = #The_Netherlands(üá≥üá±)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJ1czAxLnNoLWNsb3VkZmxhcmUuc2JzIiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAidXMwMS5zaC1jbG91ZGZsYXJlLnNicyIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiOTE0NTg0ZWUtMzUxNS00NmFjLWEwOWQtNDY3N2EyZTlkYzlhIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDg0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTEwNC4yMS4zMi4xLTA3NjQiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJ1czAxLnNoLWNsb3VkZmxhcmUuc2JzIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlZVx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmMyBJTi05NC4xMzYuMTg0LjE1NTozOTI1MyIsICJhZGQiOiAiOTQuMTM2LjE4NC4xNTUiLCAicG9ydCI6IDM5MjUzLCAiaWQiOiAiNjliNDlhMzUtY2Y1NS00ZDE0LTlmMmItZDdjZTNhMGRiNzJlIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmYVx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOCBVUy0xNS4yMDQuMjQ4LjkyOjMwNTYyIiwgImFkZCI6ICIxNS4yMDQuMjQ4LjkyIiwgInBvcnQiOiAzMDU2MiwgImlkIjogIjgyNDY2NzE1LTZhNTgtNDA0Ni1hMzYzLWEwZDE4ZTViMmFiNCIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAidXN3dXhpYW4ucGFpNTAyODgudWsiLCAidiI6ICIyIiwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGZlM1x1ZDgzZFx1ZGQyNStcdTA2YTlcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDZcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDQrXHUwNjMzXHUwNjMxXHUwNjQ4XHUwNjMxK1x1MDYzMVx1MDYyN1x1MDZjY1x1MDZhZlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NitARmFyYWhWUE4iLCAicG9ydCI6IDg0NDMsICJpZCI6ICJjMzEzNjA2Zi05OGMyLTRkN2ItYmE3NC00OGI5NGY2MWIxMWQiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAidXN3dXhpYW4ucGFpNTAyODgudWsiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMifQ==Country = #US(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTcyLjk5LjE4OC41NSIsICJwb3J0IjogMTcyODQsICJpZCI6ICJlNGVmZTEyZC05N2MwLTRmZDctYmZkNC0wNjlmZjA0ZThkNDQiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogIm5vbmUifQ==Country = #The_Netherlands(üá≥üá±)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiODguMTk4LjE3Mi4yNSIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJhbHBuIjogIiIsICJmcCI6ICIiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICIiLCAiaWQiOiAiZTdlYjQ3MmUtZGM4My00OWQ1LWJlNWUtODJhNzlhMjEyNGVlIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJncnBjIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiSmJpQjhWNjZWNzhIZjViaXZmc2lzOHZIIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiMTUxNDUiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLUdSUEMtTkEgXHVkODNjXHVkZGU5XHVkODNjXHVkZGVhIERFLTg4LjE5OC4xNzIuMjU6MTUxNDUiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAic25pIjogIiIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiZ3VuIiwgInYiOiAiMiJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMjMuMTYyLjIwMC45MSIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJob3N0IjogIiIsICJpZCI6ICJjYzliNjZiNy0xZGU3LTRhYTktOTY0Mi01NzVhOGFlM2ZmMTkiLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJwYXRoIjogIiIsICJwb3J0IjogIjIwMTgyIiwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGQxMiBWTS1UQ1AtTkEgXHVkODNjXHVkZGU4XHVkODNjXHVkZGU2IENBLTIzLjE2Mi4yMDAuOTE6MjAxODIiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAic25pIjogIiIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiIiwgInYiOiAiMiJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNzIuNjcuMTYxLjc3IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAibGluZGUwNi5pbmRpYXZpZGVvLnNicyIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiZWRiYjEwNTktMTYzMy00MjcxLWI2NmUtZWQ0ZmJhNDdhMWJmIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTcyLjY3LjE2MS43Ny03NTYyIiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAibGluZGUwNi5pbmRpYXZpZGVvLnNicyIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICI2YThlMGNhMi1zdWN2NDAtdDgybzV0LWxidzUuaGsucDVwdi5jb20iLAogICAgImFpZCI6IDIsCiAgICAiaG9zdCI6ICJicm9hZGNhc3Rsdi5jaGF0LmJpbGliaWxpLmNvbSIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiMGU1MTFmNTAtNzkzZi0xMWVhLWI4NzMtZjIzYzkxY2ZiYmM5IiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDgwLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfh63wn4ewSEstMS42NS4yMTguMTI5LTA5MTciLAogICAgInRscyI6ICIiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsCiAgICAic25pIjogIiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJzMi5kYi1saW5rMDEudG9wIiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiMTAwLTEzMC0xMzYtNTAuczIuZGItbGluazAxLnRvcCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNGIzNjYyNWMtYjlkOS0zZWE2LWFlZDUtODZkNjJjNzBlMTZkIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2RhYmFpLmluMTA0LjIxLjEzMy4xMiIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDIwOTUsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTEwNC4xNy4yMTMuMjQxLTA4OTEiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICIiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsCiAgICAic25pIjogIiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJueTEtZGFzaC44OTA2OTkueHl6IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAibnkxLWRhc2guODkwNjk5Lnh5eiIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNjU4Yjg3ZTAtNWQ5Mi00NDI0LWQzNDQtYzE2N2FjZDZhNzdmIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL255MS1zdWIuODkwNjk5Lnh5eiIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDIwOTYsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTEwNC4yMS4zMi4xLTU2OTYiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJueTEtc3ViLjg5MDY5OS54eXoiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiI0Ni4yOS4xNjYuMjM3IiwiYWlkIjoiMCIsImFscG4iOiIiLCJmcCI6IiIsImhvc3QiOiIiLCJpZCI6IjBjNDljZDE5LTI3NTgtNGQzOC1lNmE4LTExZjJkNjYzNTg2MCIsIm5ldCI6InRjcCIsInBhdGgiOiIiLCJwb3J0IjoiNDc1NTUiLCJwcyI6Itiz2LHZiNixINix2KfbjNqv2KfZhiDZvtix2LPYsdi52Krwn4yKIEB2bWVzc19pciIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJ0bHMiOiIiLCJ0eXBlIjoibm9uZSIsInYiOiIyIn0=ŸÖÿÆÿµŸàÿµ ÿß€åÿ±ÿßŸÜÿ≥ŸÑ Ÿà ÿ±ÿß€åÿ™ŸÑ‚úÖÿ≠ÿ™ŸÖÿß ÿ®Ÿá ÿßÿ¥ÿ™ÿ±ÿß⁄© ÿ®ÿ≤ÿßÿ±€åÿØ ‚úÖ@vmess_irüöÄüöÄüí¨üí¨üí¨üì∑üì∑üí¨üì∫üì∫üí¨üòçÿØÿ± ÿµŸàÿ±ÿ™ ÿßÿ™ÿµÿßŸÑ ÿ≠ÿ™ŸÖÿß ÿØÿ± ÿ±€å⁄©ÿ¥ŸÜ Ÿáÿß ÿ¥ÿ±⁄©ÿ™ ⁄©ŸÜ€åÿØüòç
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxMDcuMTQ4LjIwNy4yNDkiLCJhaWQiOiIwIiwiYWxwbiI6IiIsImZwIjoiIiwiaG9zdCI6ImFwcHN2cy5zaG9wIiwiaWQiOiI0MTgwNDhhZi1hMjkzLTRiOTktOWIwYy05OGNhMzU4MGRkMjQiLCJuZXQiOiJ0Y3AiLCJwYXRoIjoiLyIsInBvcnQiOiI0ODcxMiIsInBzIjoiW/Cfh7rwn4e4XXQubWUvQ29uZmlnc0h1YiIsImlkIjoiNDE4MDQ4YWYtYTI5My00Yjk5LTliMGMtOThjYTM1ODBkZDI0IiwibmV0IjoidGNwIiwicGF0aCI6Ii8iLCJwb3J0IjoiNDg3MTIiLCJwcyI6IldpRmktQFYycmF5X0FscGhhLTE0Iiwic2N5IjoiYXV0byIsInNuaSI6IiIsInRscyI6IiIsInR5cGUiOiJub25lIiwidiI6IjIifQ==œü ·¥õ·¥á ú Ä·¥Ä…¥ œü Íú± ú…™ Ä·¥Ä·¥¢ œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü ·¥ã·¥Ä Ä·¥Ä·¥ä œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #·¥ú…¥…™·¥õ·¥á·¥Ös·¥õ·¥Ä·¥õ·¥ás(·¥ús)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxODYuMTkwLjIxNS45MyIsImFpZCI6IjAiLCJhbHBuIjoiIiwiZnAiOiIiLCJob3N0IjoiIiwiaWQiOiIwNDYyMWJhZS1hYjM2LTExZWMtYjkwOS0wMjQyYWMxMjAwMDIiLCJuZXQiOiJ0Y3AiLCJwYXRoIjoiIiwicG9ydCI6IjIyMzI0IiwicHMiOiJb8J+PgV10Lm1lL0NvbmZpZ3NIdWIiLCJzY3kiOiJhdXRvIiwic25pIjoiIiwidGxzIjoiIiwidHlwZSI6Im5vbmUiLCJ2IjoiMiJ9œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #s·¥°…™·¥õ·¥¢·¥á Ä ü·¥Ä…¥·¥Ö(·¥Ñ ú)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIyMy4xNTguNTYuMjEiLCJhaWQiOiIwIiwiYWxwbiI6IiIsImZwIjoiIiwiaG9zdCI6IiIsImlkIjoiNmVlZjM0NDgtYmJjMC00OTMzLTg5NGEtNzJiM2U4Nzg2MTA5IiwibmV0IjoidGNwIiwicGF0aCI6IiIsInBvcnQiOiI0ODk2MSIsInBzIjoiW/Cfh6nwn4eqXXQubWUvQ29uZmlnc0h1YiIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJ0bHMiOiIiLCJ0eXBlIjoibm9uZSIsInYiOiIyIn0=œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #…¢·¥á Ä·¥ç·¥Ä…¥ è(·¥Ö·¥á)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiNTEuNzkuMTAyLjI1MyIsICJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJwb3J0IjogODAsICJpZCI6ICI1OGZlMTU0Mi01MjkwLTQwYWQtODE1YS03NzcwN2E4MWFmZTUiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiL0lPZWJoTE1obDFDVGJGSGJMOTVteWZSWDIiLCAidGxzIjogIiJ9Country = #Canada(üá®üá¶)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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Country = #Germany(üá©üá™)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAidXN3dXhpYW4ucGFpNTAyODgudWsiLCAidiI6ICIyIiwgInBvcnQiOiA4NDQzLCAiaWQiOiAiYzMxMzYwNmYtOThjMi00ZDdiLWJhNzQtNDhiOTRmNjFiMTFkIiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsICJ0eXBlIjogIiIsICJob3N0IjogInVzd3V4aWFuLnBhaTUwMjg4LnVrIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGZlM1x1ZDgzZFx1ZGQyNStcdTA2YTlcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDZcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDQrXHUwNjMzXHUwNjMxXHUwNjQ4XHUwNjMxK1x1MDYzMVx1MDYyN1x1MDZjY1x1MDZhZlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NitARmFyYWhWUE4ifQ==Country = #US(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYlx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmNyBGUi0zOC4xMDkuMjI4LjIxNDoxNDg1NCIsICJhZGQiOiAiMzguMTA5LjIyOC4yMTQiLCAicG9ydCI6IDE0ODU0LCAiaWQiOiAiZjBhMjE0YmEtMmE0Zi00ZjIyLWIzNDItMDMxMjM3MjZhYjI3IiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxODguMTE0Ljk5LjE4MyIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogImxpbmRlMDYuaW5kaWF2aWRlby5zYnMiLAogICAgImlkIjogImVkYmIxMDU5LTE2MzMtNDI3MS1iNjZlLWVkNGZiYTQ3YTFiZiIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rd3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTE4OC4xMTQuOTkuMTgzLTc1NDMiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJsaW5kZTA2LmluZGlhdmlkZW8uc2JzIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJmazItYmFzaC44OTA2MTcueHl6IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiZmsyLWJhc2guODkwNjE3Lnh5eiIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiZmVkZGMzMjYtZGE3MC00ZmFiLTk1YTktOGY5OGJlNmRhNjMzIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2ZrMi0xIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogMjA4NywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTcyLjY3LjE1OS41Ni01NjI0IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiZmsyLWJhc2guODkwNjE3Lnh5eiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICI1MS43Ny4yMC4xMzciLAogICAgImFpZCI6IDAsCiAgICAiaG9zdCI6ICJ0aWxlYmFuaS5jb20iLAogICAgImlkIjogIjAzZmNjNjE4LWI5M2QtNjc5Ni02YWVkLThhMzhjOTc1ZDU4MSIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rdndzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfh6vwn4e3RlItNTEuNzcuMjAuMTM3LTc1NzkiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsCiAgICAic25pIjogIiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxMDQuMTkuMTUwLjEwIiwiYWlkIjoiMCIsImFscG4iOiIiLCJmcCI6IiIsImhvc3QiOiJtY2kubXRuLmlyLmNvbS5vcmcubmV0Lm9tMi5tdXNpY2ZhMTIzLmlyLiIsImlkIjoiOTRmMzMyYjAtYzVkMy00NTMxLWExZDYtNmU2MzU4Y2M2YzcyIiwibmV0IjoiaHR0cHVwZ3JhZGUiLCJwYXRoIjoiL2QzZDNMbWx5WVc1b2IzTjBMbU52YlFcdTAwM2RcdTAwM2Q/ZWRcdTAwM2QyNTYwIiwicG9ydCI6IjIwOTUiLCJwcyI6Itqp2KfZhtmB24zaryDZvtix2LPYsdi52Kog2LHYp9uM2q/Yp9mG8J+Mi0B2bWVzYyIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJ0bHMiOiIiLCJ0eXBlIjoiLS0tIiwidiI6IjIifQ==‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚ù• MtnFree serviceüëáüëáüëáüëáüëá‚úÖ @vmesc
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxNDYuMTkuMTY4LjE2MSIsImFpZCI6IjAiLCJhbHBuIjoiIiwiZnAiOiJjaHJvbWUiLCJob3N0IjoiYXowNS5iZXlvbmR5LmNmZCIsImlkIjoiM2Y2MzhmMzQtOGRiYS00MTg2LWJjNDMtMjcxNmE3ZGRkNGJlIiwibmV0Ijoid3MiLCJwYXRoIjoiL2xpbmsiLCJwb3J0IjoiNDQzIiwicHMiOiJb8J+Hq/Cfh7dddC5tZS9Db25maWdzSHViIiwic2N5IjoiYXV0byIsInNuaSI6ImF6MDUuYmV5b25keS5jZmQiLCJ0bHMiOiJ0bHMiLCJ0eXBlIjoiIiwidiI6IjIifQ==œü ·¥õ·¥á ú Ä·¥Ä…¥ œü Íú± ú…™ Ä·¥Ä·¥¢ œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü ·¥ã·¥Ä Ä·¥Ä·¥ä œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #“ì Ä·¥Ä…¥·¥Ñ·¥á(“ì Ä)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess: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Country = #China(üá®üá≥)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiNjcuMjIwLjk0LjEzNyIsICJwb3J0IjogNTcxMjMsICJpZCI6ICJiNGQzYTgxYi1lYzBlLTRhMjctYTM1OS02ZGVhMGM0ZjFmNzUiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogIm5vbmUifQ==Country = #Canada(üá®üá¶)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlOVx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYSBERS0xOTMuMTA4LjExOC4xMzY6MTU3MTMiLCAiYWRkIjogIjE5My4xMDguMTE4LjEzNiIsICJwb3J0IjogMTU3MTMsICJpZCI6ICJmNzRlMjc3ZS04NGIzLTQ2YTItOGFiZC0yNzc3ZmE1ZTRhZjkiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogIm5vbmUifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMzQuMTk1LjE5OC4xNDciLAogICAgImFpZCI6IDAsCiAgICAiaG9zdCI6ICJpbm5hLmNmZCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiMDNmY2M2MTgtYjkzZC02Nzk2LTZhZWQtOGEzOGM5NzVkNTgxIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt2d3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+HqPCfh6ZDQS0xMzQuMTk1LjE5OC4xNDctNzUyOCIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNzIuNjcuMTg5LjI3IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAibnkyLXN1Yi45MzAucHAudWEiLAogICAgImlkIjogImYwODJlZWNhLWUwNjgtNDVmOS1kMWJmLTQ2ZTlkZTliZGY1NyIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9ueTItc3ViLjkzMC5wcC51YSIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDIwNTMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTE3Mi42Ny4xODkuMjctMDgxMiIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogZmFsc2UsCiAgICAic25pIjogIm55Mi1zdWIuOTMwLnBwLnVhIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYyBTRy02Mi4xNDYuMjMzLjc5OjQ0MTI3IiwgImFkZCI6ICI2Mi4xNDYuMjMzLjc5IiwgInBvcnQiOiA0NDEyNywgImlkIjogImFlMGZhODIyLTU4YmItNDgzZi05YWY1LWQ0MTdkOGMyM2IyMSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OQSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZjhcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZWEgU0UtMTY5LjE1MC4yMDguODM6MTgwMDAiLCAiYWRkIjogIjE2OS4xNTAuMjA4LjgzIiwgInBvcnQiOiAxODAwMCwgImFpZCI6IDAsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogImY4YzhkYzNkLTBkMzctNDZiMC04YjM0LWE3MjMyODgyZmNmZSJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTAzLjY3Ljc5LjE1NyIsICJwb3J0IjogNDUzNjUsICJpZCI6ICI3ZDJhNGU2Ni0xNTJjLTQ5ZjUtOWZmNS1jMTlhODM2ZThjODkiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogIm5vbmUifQ==Country = #Indonesia(üáÆüá©)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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Country = #The_Netherlands(üá≥üá±)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJiZTRhYzAzYy1zdW00ZzAtc3gxY3h4LTF0ZmprLnN2LnBsZWJhaS5uZXQiLAogICAgImFpZCI6IDIsCiAgICAiaG9zdCI6ICJicm9hZGNhc3Rsdi5jaGF0LmJpbGliaWxpLmNvbSIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNDkzOTZkOTgtZjRiNC0xMWVmLThjM2YtZjIzYzkxM2M4ZDJiIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDgwLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfh7rwn4e4VVMtMTk4LjIuMjQzLjUxLTA5MTYiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICIiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsCiAgICAic25pIjogIiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJjMmU0Mjg1Ny1zdWVwczAtc3Y0cXQ5LTFlczRhLmhrMy5wNXB2LmNvbSIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMiwKICAgICJob3N0IjogImMyZTQyODU3LXN1ZXBzMC1zdjRxdDktMWVzNGEuaGszLnA1cHYuY29tIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICJmZjExNGNjZS0xMjdkLTExZWQtYmQ3Yy1mMjNjOTEzYzhkMmIiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogODAsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+HrfCfh7BISy0xLjY1LjIwOC4xMjgtNTQxMSIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogIiIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogZmFsc2UsCiAgICAic25pIjogImJyb2FkY2FzdGx2LmNoYXQuYmlsaWJpbGkuY29tIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJobXMyNi54cGVuZ21vdG9ycy5zYnMiLAogICAgImFpZCI6IDAsCiAgICAiaG9zdCI6ICJobXMyNi54cGVuZ21vdG9ycy5zYnMiLAogICAgImlkIjogImZiMGEyZGU2LWJmMDYtNGZmMC05N2NlLWMyMWFiY2RjMmQ1NSIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rd3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+Hq/Cfh7dGUi00NS4xNDUuMTY2LjIwOS01NTA3IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiaG1zMjYueHBlbmdtb3RvcnMuc2JzIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlNlx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmYSBBVS0xNTQuMjYuMTUzLjE2MToyMTc1OSIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTU0LjI2LjE1My4xNjEiLCAicG9ydCI6IDIxNzU5LCAiaWQiOiAiZTVmMTZmYWQtZjljMy00NTJiLThlNzEtYmM5NTA0ZTI5ZmM5IiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIiwgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIzOC4xNC4xMDcuMjI2IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiA2NCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogIiIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNDE4MDQ4YWYtYTI5My00Yjk5LTliMGMtOThjYTM1ODBkZDI0IiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL3BhdGgvMzQwNDM0MTMwMDMyIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogMzgwMDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+HuvCfh7hVUy0zOC4xNC4xMDcuMjI2LTU1MDMiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsCiAgICAic25pIjogIiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjEuMTguMjI3IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiamFoZmtqaGEuY2ZkIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICI5NTBkYjZhYS00OTI2LTQ2MTYtODE2ZS1lYzAzMTJkY2I4N2IiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfj4FSRUxBWS0xMDQuMjEuMTguMjI3LTc1NjEiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsCiAgICAic25pIjogIiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIwNmU2YjA3NS1zdW00ZzAtc3gxY3h4LTF0ZmprLmhrMy5wNXB2LmNvbSIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMiwKICAgICJob3N0IjogImJyb2FkY2FzdGx2LmNoYXQuYmlsaWJpbGkuY29tIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICI0OTM5NmQ5OC1mNGI0LTExZWYtOGMzZi1mMjNjOTEzYzhkMmIiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogODAsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+HrfCfh7BISy0xLjY1LjIwOC4xMjgtMjM0MSIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogIiIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAiYWRkIjogIjYyLjE0Ni4yMzIuMTUyIiwgInBvcnQiOiAzMzA2NCwgImlkIjogIjk0MmQ1NmU0LWNmNzItNGE3YS1hODdjLWY1NTVhMjcwZDc5YSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSIsICJwcyI6ICJcdWQ4M2RcdWRmZTNcdWQ4M2RcdWRkMjUrXHUwNmE5XHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2XHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ0K1x1MDYzM1x1MDYzMVx1MDY0OFx1MDYzMStcdTA2MzFcdTA2MjdcdTA2Y2NcdTA2YWZcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDYrQEZhcmFoVlBOIn0=Country = #Singapore(üá∏üá¨)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJobXMxOS5iZXN0LXRpemkudG9wIiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNjJhYTVmODAtMDMyOC00MDA0LWEzNzUtN2Y1YTU5ZGY0MDIyIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4ep8J+HqkRFLTkxLjE5NS4yNDAuMTItNzYwNyIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogZmFsc2UsCiAgICAic25pIjogImhtczE5LmJlc3QtdGl6aS50b3AiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJsb24yLWRhc2guOTMwLnBwLnVhIiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAibG9uMi1kYXNoLjkzMC5wcC51YSIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiYmM4NmY5NDktNzE1Mi00MzY3LTkyZjUtN2ExMWVhY2Y5YzliIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xvbjItc3ViLjkzMC5wcC51YSIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDIwOTYsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTEwNC4yMS41Ny4zOC01NTg1IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAibG9uMi1zdWIuOTMwLnBwLnVhIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxMDMuMTQ5LjE4My4xNzgiLCJhaWQiOiIwIiwiYWxwbiI6IiIsImZwIjoiIiwiaG9zdCI6IiIsImlkIjoiM2E5MDc5NTYtZjY2OC00ZTZiLWVhMDMtMDk0OWYwYzljMGE1IiwibmV0IjoidGNwIiwicGF0aCI6IiIsInBvcnQiOiI1NDY3NSIsInBzIjoi2LPYsdmI2LEg2LHYp9uM2q/Yp9mGINm+2LHYs9ix2LnYqvCfjIogQHZtZXNzX2lyIiwic2N5IjoiYXV0byIsInNuaSI6IiIsInRscyI6IiIsInR5cGUiOiJub25lIiwidiI6IjIifQ==ŸÖÿÆÿµŸàÿµ ŸáŸÖÿ±ÿßŸá ÿßŸàŸÑ Ÿà Ÿàÿß€åŸÅÿß€å‚úÖÿ≠ÿ™ŸÖÿß ÿ®Ÿá ÿßÿ¥ÿ™ÿ±ÿß⁄© ÿ®ÿ≤ÿßÿ±€åÿØ ‚úÖ@vmess_irüöÄüöÄüí¨üí¨üí¨üì∑üì∑üí¨üì∫üì∫üí¨üòçÿØÿ± ÿµŸàÿ±ÿ™ ÿßÿ™ÿµÿßŸÑ ÿ≠ÿ™ŸÖÿß ÿØÿ± ÿ±€å⁄©ÿ¥ŸÜ Ÿáÿß ÿ¥ÿ±⁄©ÿ™ ⁄©ŸÜ€åÿØüòç
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxODguMTE0Ljk3LjYiLCJhaWQiOiIwIiwiYWxwbiI6IiIsImhvc3QiOiJsaW5kZTA2LmluZGlhdmlkZW8uc2JzIiwiaWQiOiJlZGJiMTA1OS0xNjMzLTQyNzEtYjY2ZS1lZDRmYmE0N2ExYmYiLCJuZXQiOiJ3cyIsInBhdGgiOiIvbGlua3dzIiwicG9ydCI6IjQ0MyIsInBzIjoiW/Cfh6jwn4emXXQubWUvQ29uZmlnc0h1YiIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJzbmkiOiJsaW5kZTA2LmluZGlhdmlkZW8uc2JzIiwidGxzIjoidGxzIiwidHlwZSI6IiIsInYiOiIyIn0=œü ·¥õ·¥á ú Ä·¥Ä…¥ œü Íú± ú…™ Ä·¥Ä·¥¢ œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü ·¥ã·¥Ä Ä·¥Ä·¥ä œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #·¥Ñ·¥Ä…¥·¥Ä·¥Ö·¥Ä(·¥Ñ·¥Ä)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAidjkuaGVkdWlhbi5saW5rIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiMzA4MDkiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgImlkIjogImNiYjNmODc3LWQxZmItMzQ0Yy04N2E5LWQxNTNiZmZkNTQ4NCIsICJhaWQiOiAiMiIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvb29vbyIsICJob3N0IjogImJhaWR1LmNvbSIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIn0=Country = #China(üá®üá≥)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTA0LjIxLjExMi4xIiwgInYiOiAiMiIsICJwcyI6ICJcdWQ4M2RcdWRmZTNcdWQ4M2RcdWRkMjUrXHUwNmE5XHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2XHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ0K1x1MDYzM1x1MDYzMVx1MDY0OFx1MDYzMStcdTA2MzFcdTA2MjdcdTA2Y2NcdTA2YWZcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDYrQEZhcmFoVlBOIiwgInBvcnQiOiA4MCwgImlkIjogIjdmOGExYmI5LWJlZTAtNDBhOC1mOTA4LTIxYTY1ZGEwZjNjYyIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAidHlwZSI6ICIiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJ1czJ2bWVzcy5ybm1jbm0uY29tIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLzEyM3F3ZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIn0=Country = #US(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAia3IzLnR0Y2MudGVjaCIsICJwb3J0IjogIjQ0MyIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLCAiaWQiOiAiYjJkMTA2NzMtMjRjYy00Zjk2LWIxZjMtZGE4YjE3NTg5MDc3IiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLyJ9Country = #South_Korea(üá∞üá∑)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiNjIuMTQ2LjIzMi4xNTMiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAiYWxwbiI6ICIiLCAiZnAiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjEzZTEzYTNlLWU5ODEtNGVlYS1hOWZjLTEzZTUwNjI4ZmQ5YiIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiNTMxNDQiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OQSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZjhcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZWMgU0ctNjIuMTQ2LjIzMi4xNTM6NTMxNDQiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAic25pIjogIiIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ2IjogIjIifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTA0LjE5LjQ4LjIzNiIsICJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVdTLU5BIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGZmNFx1MjAwZFx1MjYyMFx1ZmUwZiBOQS0xMDQuMTkuNDguMjM2OjIwODIiLCAicG9ydCI6IDIwODIsICJpZCI6ICI0YjM2NjI1Yy1iOWQ5LTNlYTYtYWVkNS04NmQ2MmM3MGUxNmQiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiMTAwLTU5LTE3OC0yNDcuczQuY24tZGIudG9wIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiL2RhYmFpLmluMTA0LjE5LjEwMS4xMTAiLCAidGxzIjogIiJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiNTEuODEuMjAzLjU3IiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgImFscG4iOiAiIiwgImZwIjogIiIsICJob3N0IjogIiIsICJpZCI6ICIxNzg0NDk3ZC0wM2ExLTQwYmItYmI4Yi1kZTRmZmFjN2M1OWMiLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJwYXRoIjogIiIsICJwb3J0IjogIjI4ODYwIiwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGQxMiBWTS1UQ1AtTk9ORSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZmFcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZjggVVMtNTEuODEuMjAzLjU3OjI4ODYwIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNuaSI6ICIiLCAidGxzIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInYiOiAiMiJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMzguNDguMjI3LjIzMSIsICJhaWQiOiA2NCwgImhvc3QiOiAid3d3LjQyMjY2NDUxLnh5eiIsICJpZCI6ICI0MTgwNDhhZi1hMjkzLTRiOTktOWIwYy05OGNhMzU4MGRkMjQiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiL3BhdGgvMjQwODExMDYyODEzIiwgInBvcnQiOiA0Nzc3OCwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGQxMiBWTS1XUy1UTFMgXHVkODNjXHVkZGZhXHVkODNjXHVkZGY4IFVTLTM4LjQ4LjIyNy4yMzE6NDc3NzgiLCAidGxzIjogInRscyIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogZmFsc2UsICJzbmkiOiAid3d3LjQyMjY2NDUxLnh5eiJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJsb24xLWRhc2guODkwNjk5Lnh5eiIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogImxvbjEtc3ViLjg5MDY5OS54eXoiLAogICAgImlkIjogIjQxOTYzZTZiLTI5NWQtNDVhMC1iNmNjLTM4ZmJkZDNlM2Y3NSIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9sb24xLXN1Yi44OTA2OTkueHl6IiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogODQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTA0LjIxLjQ4LjEtMDc0OSIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OQSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZThcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZjMgQ04tMTgzLjIzNi41MS4zNjo1OTAwMyIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTgzLjIzNi41MS4zNiIsICJwb3J0IjogIjU5MDAzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJpZCI6ICI0MTgwNDhhZi1hMjkzLTRiOTktOWIwYy05OGNhMzU4MGRkMjQiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJwYXRoIjogIi8iLCAiaG9zdCI6ICIiLCAidGxzIjogIiJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlNiBDQS02Ny4yMjAuOTQuMTk2OjQ3OTQxIiwgImFkZCI6ICI2Ny4yMjAuOTQuMTk2IiwgInBvcnQiOiA0Nzk0MSwgImlkIjogIjRiZTQ0MTgwLTI1ZjktNDUyZi1hYjZiLWJlMDc1OGNlZjJiNiIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZX0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNzIuNjcuMTc5LjE5OSIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogImxpbmRlMDYuaW5kaWF2aWRlby5zYnMiLAogICAgImlkIjogImVkYmIxMDU5LTE2MzMtNDI3MS1iNjZlLWVkNGZiYTQ3YTFiZiIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rd3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTE3Mi42Ny4xNzkuMTk5LTc1MjIiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsCiAgICAic25pIjogIiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxODguMTE0Ljk2LjUiLAogICAgImFpZCI6IDAsCiAgICAiaG9zdCI6ICJsaW5kZTA2LmluZGlhdmlkZW8uc2JzIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICJlZGJiMTA1OS0xNjMzLTQyNzEtYjY2ZS1lZDRmYmE0N2ExYmYiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfj4FSRUxBWS0xODguMTE0Ljk2LjUtNzU1OSIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogZmFsc2UsCiAgICAic25pIjogImxpbmRlMDYuaW5kaWF2aWRlby5zYnMiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVJBVy1OQSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZjhcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZWMgU0ctNjIuMTQ2LjIzMy4xMTI6MzY3MTIiLCAiYWRkIjogIjYyLjE0Ni4yMzMuMTEyIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiMzY3MTIiLCAiaWQiOiAiOTI2NmRmNDItMDgzMC00OGMyLTg1MDktNGM1N2IzMGZlMjlkIiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJyYXciLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJxdWl6LmludC52aWRpby5jb20iLAogICAgImFpZCI6IDAsCiAgICAiaG9zdCI6ICJzZXJ2MS5pZGtzMS53ZWIuaWQiLAogICAgImlkIjogIjljN2M3MDM5LWE1ZjEtNDdiMi05MjI1LWNiYjViZjAzYjllNiIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi92bWVzcyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTA0LjIyLjQuMjQwLTA3MzAiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJzZXJ2MS5pZGtzMS53ZWIuaWQiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMS42NS4yMDQuMjExIiwgImFpZCI6IDIsICJob3N0IjogImJyb2FkY2FzdGx2LmNoYXQuYmlsaWJpbGkuY29tIiwgImlkIjogIjQ5Mzk2ZDk4LWY0YjQtMTFlZi04YzNmLWYyM2M5MTNjOGQyYiIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgInBvcnQiOiA4MCwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGQxMiBWTS1XUy1OQSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZWRcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZjAgSEstMS42NS4yMDQuMjExOjgwIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLCAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsICJzbmkiOiAiIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxMDQuMTkuMTUwLjEwIiwiYWlkIjoiMCIsImFscG4iOiIiLCJmcCI6IiIsImhvc3QiOiJtY2kubXRuLmlyLmNvbS5vcmcubmV0Lm9tMi5tdXNpY2ZhMTIzLmlyLiIsImlkIjoiOTRmMzMyYjAtYzVkMy00NTMxLWExZDYtNmU2MzU4Y2M2YzcyIiwibmV0IjoiaHR0cHVwZ3JhZGUiLCJwYXRoIjoiL2QzZDNMbWx5WVc1b2IzTjBMbU52YlFcdTAwM2RcdTAwM2Q/ZWRcdTAwM2QyNTYwIiwicG9ydCI6IjIwOTUiLCJwcyI6Itiz2LHZiNixINix2KfbjNqv2KfZhiDZvtix2LPYsdi52Krwn4yKIEB2bWVzc19pciIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJ0bHMiOiIiLCJ0eXBlIjoiLS0tIiwidiI6IjIifQ==ŸÖÿÆÿµŸàÿµ ÿß€åÿ±ÿßŸÜÿ≥ŸÑ Ÿà ÿ±ÿß€åÿ™ŸÑ‚úÖÿ≠ÿ™ŸÖÿß ÿ®Ÿá ÿßÿ¥ÿ™ÿ±ÿß⁄© ÿ®ÿ≤ÿßÿ±€åÿØ ‚úÖ@vmess_irüöÄüöÄüí¨üí¨üí¨üì∑üì∑üí¨üì∫üì∫üí¨üòçÿØÿ± ÿµŸàÿ±ÿ™ ÿßÿ™ÿµÿßŸÑ ÿ≠ÿ™ŸÖÿß ÿØÿ± ÿ±€å⁄©ÿ¥ŸÜ Ÿáÿß ÿ¥ÿ±⁄©ÿ™ ⁄©ŸÜ€åÿØüòç
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAibG9uMS1kYXNoLjg5MDY5OS54eXoiLCAiYWlkIjogMCwgImhvc3QiOiAibG9uMS1zdWIuODkwNjk5Lnh5eiIsICJpZCI6ICI0MTk2M2U2Yi0yOTVkLTQ1YTAtYjZjYy0zOGZiZGQzZTNmNzUiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xvbjEtc3ViLjg5MDY5OS54eXoiLCAicG9ydCI6IDg0NDMsICJwcyI6ICJcdWQ4M2RcdWRmZTNcdWQ4M2RcdWRkMjUrXHUwNmE5XHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2XHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ0K1x1MDYzM1x1MDYzMVx1MDY0OFx1MDYzMStcdTA2MzFcdTA2MjdcdTA2Y2NcdTA2YWZcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDYrQEZhcmFoVlBOIiwgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLCAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsICJzbmkiOiAiIn0=Country = #US(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMjMuMTYyLjE1Mi4xNzUiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAiYWxwbiI6ICIiLCAiZnAiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjI4YmJiOWZmLWEwNzYtNDVhOS1iYTdiLTk1ZjhhNmMzNzFjNCIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiNTYzOTkiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYlx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmNyBGUi0yMy4xNjIuMTUyLjE3NTo1NjM5OSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzbmkiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ2IjogIjIifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYlx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmNyBGUi0yMy4xNjIuMTUyLjExMToyNTk1MSIsICJhZGQiOiAiMjMuMTYyLjE1Mi4xMTEiLCAicG9ydCI6IDI1OTUxLCAiaWQiOiAiZTdhYzcxOGEtMTc1MS00ODljLTgyMDUtMjQyMjkyNTliNDEwIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIiwgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxNzIuNjcuMTcwLjEwMyIsImFpZCI6IjAiLCJhbHBuIjoiaDMiLCJmcCI6ImNocm9tZSIsImhvc3QiOiJnbHdlaWRmLnNicyIsImlkIjoiNzYyMjFiZmItZTkyZi00ZTgwLTgxYzUtNmZlNDhmNTBhYzBiIiwibmV0Ijoid3MiLCJwYXRoIjoiL2xpbmt3cyIsInBvcnQiOiI0NDMiLCJwcyI6Ilvwn4eo8J+Hpl10Lm1lL0NvbmZpZ3NIdWIiLCJzY3kiOiJhdXRvIiwic25pIjoiZ2x3ZWlkZi5zYnMiLCJ0bHMiOiJ0bHMiLCJ0eXBlIjoiIiwidiI6IjIifQ==œü ·¥õ·¥á ú Ä·¥Ä…¥ œü Íú± ú…™ Ä·¥Ä·¥¢ œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü ·¥ã·¥Ä Ä·¥Ä·¥ä œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #·¥Ñ·¥Ä…¥·¥Ä·¥Ö·¥Ä(·¥Ñ·¥Ä)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTIwLjE5OC43MS4yMTQiLCAicG9ydCI6ICIzNDA5MyIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAiaWQiOiAiNDE4MDQ4YWYtYTI5My00Yjk5LTliMGMtOThjYTM1ODBkZDI0IiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICIifQ==Country = #China(üá®üá≥)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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 = #Canada(üá®üá¶)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiNDYuMjUwLjI1My4yMzQiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAiYWxwbiI6ICIiLCAiZnAiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjc2MmIzOTIzLTU4ODUtNGM1Zi04ODZmLWU2Mjc4ODUxMjMzOCIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiMjg4NzIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzbmkiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAidHlwZSI6ICIiLCAidiI6ICIyIn0=Country = #Japan(üáØüáµ)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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 = #Canada(üá®üá¶)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjYuMC45NSIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogIm9iZGlpLmNmZCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiMDU2NDFjZjUtNThkMi00YmE0LWE5ZjEtYjNjZGEwYjFmYjFkIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTA0LjI2LjAuOTUtNzQ3MCIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogZmFsc2UsCiAgICAic25pIjogIm9iZGlpLmNmZCIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMzEuMTI5LjEwNS4yMzkiLCAiYWlkIjogMCwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjc5M2UwM2NjLTJiMDgtNGQxYi1iYjBiLTU5MjU2N2QxOTA0MyIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgInBvcnQiOiAxNjIzMSwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGQxMiBWTS1XUy1OQSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZjdcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZmEgUlUtMzEuMTI5LjEwNS4yMzk6MTYyMzEiLCAidGxzIjogIiIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwgInNuaSI6ICIifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OQSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZWZcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZjUgSlAtMTMuMjMwLjIzNS4yNDc6NDg4ODkiLCAiYWRkIjogIjEzLjIzMC4yMzUuMjQ3IiwgInBvcnQiOiAiNDg4ODkiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgImlkIjogImMxMzBjYjM2LWM5M2YtNGJlNy05MjI4LWE3YTk3ZDQzODg1YSIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsICJob3N0IjogImd5LnlvdWFyZW15Z29kLnRvcCIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlNiBDQS0yMy4xNjIuMjAwLjkxOjIwMTgyIiwgImFkZCI6ICIyMy4xNjIuMjAwLjkxIiwgInBvcnQiOiAyMDE4MiwgImlkIjogImNjOWI2NmI3LTFkZTctNGFhOS05NjQyLTU3NWE4YWUzZmYxOSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNzIuNjcuMTUzLjE1NiIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogInVzd3V4aWFuLnBhaTUwMjg4LnVrIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICJjMzEzNjA2Zi05OGMyLTRkN2ItYmE3NC00OGI5NGY2MWIxMWQiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogODQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTcyLjY3LjE1My4xNTYtMDMwNyIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmYVx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOCBVUy01MS44MS4yMDMuNTc6Mjg4NjAiLCAiYWRkIjogIjUxLjgxLjIwMy41NyIsICJwb3J0IjogMjg4NjAsICJpZCI6ICIxNzg0NDk3ZC0wM2ExLTQwYmItYmI4Yi1kZTRmZmFjN2M1OWMiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogIm5vbmUifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjEuOTQuMTY4IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNjJhYTVmODAtMDMyOC00MDA0LWEzNzUtN2Y1YTU5ZGY0MDIyIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTA0LjIxLjk0LjE2OC03NDQ4IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICIiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYyBTRy02Mi4xNDYuMjMzLjExMjozNjcxMiIsICJhZGQiOiAiNjIuMTQ2LjIzMy4xMTIiLCAicG9ydCI6IDM2NzEyLCAiaWQiOiAiOTI2NmRmNDItMDgzMC00OGMyLTg1MDktNGM1N2IzMGZlMjlkIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNzIuNjcuNzEuMTYwIiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAib2JkaWkuY2ZkIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICIwNTY0MWNmNS01OGQyLTRiYTQtYTlmMS1iM2NkYTBiMWZiMWQiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfj4FSRUxBWS0xNzIuNjcuNzEuMTYwLTc0NzkiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJvYmRpaS5jZmQiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMzguMTQuMTA3LjIyNSIsICJwb3J0IjogMzgwMDMsICJhaWQiOiA2NCwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogInRscyIsICJpZCI6ICI0MTgwNDhhZi1hMjkzLTRiOTktOWIwYy05OGNhMzU4MGRkMjQiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJ3d3cuMjMxNzk3NTMueHl6IiwgInBhdGgiOiAiL3BhdGgvMTgxNzIxMjcyMTE0In0=Country = #United_States(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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 = #France(üá´üá∑)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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 = #France(üá´üá∑)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTU0LjgzLjIuOTAiLCAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywgImFpZCI6IDAsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLCAiaWQiOiAiOTUwZGI2YWEtNDkyNi00NjE2LTgxNmUtZWMwMzEyZGNiODdiIiwgInNuaSI6ICJqYWhma2poYS5jZmQiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJqYWhma2poYS5jZmQiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIn0=Country = #Seychelles(üá∏üá®)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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Country = #France(üá´üá∑)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNzIuNjcuMTMxLjE3IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNjJhYTVmODAtMDMyOC00MDA0LWEzNzUtN2Y1YTU5ZGY0MDIyIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTcyLjY3LjEzMS4xNy03NDM2IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlY1x1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlNyBHQi0xNDkuNy4xNi4xNDk6MzcxMDEiLCAiYWRkIjogIjE0OS43LjE2LjE0OSIsICJwb3J0IjogMzcxMDEsICJpZCI6ICJmYjNmYzI0My00Njk4LTQ5YzQtOGM0NC0wNDE1ZjY4YTRkMjUiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogIm5vbmUifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMTcuMjEzLjU3IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAieG1pdmlkZW8uY2ZkIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICI5M2VhNDg2YS1iYWRhLTQyYTQtYWMzOC1kMDg4YjMyMGZhMWUiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfj4FSRUxBWS0xMDQuMTcuMjEzLjU3LTc0NDMiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJ4bWl2aWRlby5jZmQiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlNiBDQS02Ny4yMjAuOTQuMTM3OjU3MTIzIiwgImFkZCI6ICI2Ny4yMjAuOTQuMTM3IiwgInBvcnQiOiA1NzEyMywgImlkIjogImI0ZDNhODFiLWVjMGUtNGEyNy1hMzU5LTZkZWEwYzRmMWY3NSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmM1x1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmMSBOTC0xODUuMjIxLjIxOS4yMDo0Nzg1NiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTg1LjIyMS4yMTkuMjAiLCAicG9ydCI6IDQ3ODU2LCAiaWQiOiAiMDY1MDE2MTQtMmNkZS00NTg5LWI3NWYtOGRmODk1ZTY1YjNjIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIyMy4xNTguNTYuMTg0IiwiYWlkIjoiMCIsImFscG4iOiIiLCJmcCI6IiIsImhvc3QiOiIiLCJpZCI6IjA0NjIxYmFlLWFiMzYtMTFlYy1iOTA5LTAyNDJhYzEyMDAwMiIsIm5ldCI6InRjcCIsInBhdGgiOiIiLCJwb3J0IjoiMjIzMjQiLCJwcyI6Itqp2KfZhtmB24zaryDZvtix2LPYsdi52Kog2LHYp9uM2q/Yp9mG8J+Mi0B2bWVzYyIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJ0bHMiOiIiLCJ0eXBlIjoibm9uZSIsInYiOiIyIn0=‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚ù• MciFree serviceüëáüëáüëáüëáüëá‚úÖ @vmesc
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTY5LjE1MC4yMDguODMiLCAicG9ydCI6IDE4MDAwLCAiYWlkIjogMCwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAiaWQiOiAiZjhjOGRjM2QtMGQzNy00NmIwLThiMzQtYTcyMzI4ODJmY2ZlIn0=Country = #Sweden(üá∏üá™)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTQ5LjcuMTYuMTQ5IiwgInBvcnQiOiAzNzEwMSwgImlkIjogImZiM2ZjMjQzLTQ2OTgtNDljNC04YzQ0LTA0MTVmNjhhNGQyNSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9Country = #United_Kingdom(üá¨üáß)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiNTcuMTI5LjI0LjE0MSIsICJwb3J0IjogIjQ0MyIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAiaWQiOiAiMDNmY2M2MTgtYjkzZC02Nzk2LTZhZWQtOGEzOGM5NzVkNTgxIiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rdndzIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMifQ==Country = #Germany(üá©üá™)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAidXMydm1lc3Mucm5tY25tLmNvbSIsICJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJwb3J0IjogODAsICJpZCI6ICI3ZjhhMWJiOS1iZWUwLTQwYTgtZjkwOC0yMWE2NWRhMGYzY2MiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLzEyM3F3ZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIn0=Country = #US(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMjMuMTU4LjU2LjI0MSIsICJhaWQiOiAwLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJ3cm1lbG13eGxmLmdrdGV2bHJxem53cXFvenkuZmFicGZzNjZnaXptbm9qaGN2cXh3bC5reXRyY2Z6cWxhODdndmd2czZjN2tqbnJ1YnVoLmNjIiwgImlkIjogIjAzZmNjNjE4LWI5M2QtNjc5Ni02YWVkLThhMzhjOTc1ZDU4MSIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3Z3cyIsICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLCAic25pIjogIiJ9Country = #Germany(üá©üá™)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJQYXJzVmRzLmlyIiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiZ2x3ZWlkZi5zYnMiLAogICAgImlkIjogIjc2MjIxYmZiLWU5MmYtNGU4MC04MWM1LTZmZTQ4ZjUwYWMwYiIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rd3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTEwNC4yMS45NC4xNjgtMTEzOSIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTA0LjIxLjE2LjEiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAiYWxwbiI6ICIiLCAiZnAiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjdmOGExYmI5LWJlZTAtNDBhOC1mOTA4LTIxYTY1ZGEwZjNjYyIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvMTIzcXdlIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiODAiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVdTLU5BIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGZmNFx1MjAwZFx1MjYyMFx1ZmUwZiBOQS0xMDQuMjEuMTYuMTo4MCIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzbmkiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAidHlwZSI6ICItLS0iLCAidiI6ICIyIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIyMy4xNjIuMjAwLjIyNyIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogIiIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiMDNmY2M2MTgtYjkzZC02Nzk2LTZhZWQtOGEzOGM5NzVkNTgxIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt2d3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+HqPCfh6ZDQS0yMy4xNjIuMjAwLjIyNy03NDQ3IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICIiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxODguMTE0Ljk3Ljc5IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAibGluZGUwNi5pbmRpYXZpZGVvLnNicyIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiZWRiYjEwNTktMTYzMy00MjcxLWI2NmUtZWQ0ZmJhNDdhMWJmIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTg4LjExNC45Ny43OS03NDQwIiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAibGluZGUwNi5pbmRpYXZpZGVvLnNicyIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTA0LjIxLjk2LjEiLCAiYWlkIjogMCwgImhvc3QiOiAiZGUwMS5zaC1jbG91ZGZsYXJlLnNicyIsICJpZCI6ICI3NWEwODg1Zi0wY2E1LTQyYTQtODY1MS0zOTFjZjgxOTMxNTQiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsICJwb3J0IjogMjA5NiwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGQxMiBWTS1XUy1UTFMgXHVkODNjXHVkZmY0XHUyMDBkXHUyNjIwXHVmZTBmIE5BLTEwNC4yMS45Ni4xOjIwOTYiLCAidGxzIjogInRscyIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwgInNuaSI6ICJkZTAxLnNoLWNsb3VkZmxhcmUuc2JzIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjoiMiIsInBzIjoiRC1GQUlUSC02MjI3IiwiYWRkIjoiMTY3LjcxLjI1MC4xMTUiLCJwb3J0IjoiODg4MSIsImlkIjoiZGI1YWZhZTQtYWMyMy00MWE2LTgzNzgtZjMwN2E5YTQ3NDM2IiwiYWlkIjoiMCIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJuZXQiOiJ0Y3AiLCJ0eXBlIjoiaHR0cCIsImhvc3QiOiJtb2kuaXIiLCJwYXRoIjoiLyIsInRscyI6Im5vbmUiLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJhbHBuIjoiIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess: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 = #Moldova(üá≤üá©)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYyBTRy0xNTQuMjYuMTM3LjQyOjQ0MTA0IiwgImFkZCI6ICIxNTQuMjYuMTM3LjQyIiwgInBvcnQiOiA0NDEwNCwgImlkIjogImU5OTMzYTRjLWU1NmUtNDU4Yy1iY2Y0LTljYjM4NzViYmE1NSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmM1x1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmMSBOTC0xNzIuOTkuMTg4LjE5MDo0NzkyNSIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTcyLjk5LjE4OC4xOTAiLCAicG9ydCI6IDQ3OTI1LCAiaWQiOiAiZjU4ZmZkYTItM2VmYy00OWE1LTkwNDctZjhjMmY5M2M1NzVkIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYlx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmNyBGUi0zOC4xMDkuMjI4LjE2MzoyNzA2MCIsICJhZGQiOiAiMzguMTA5LjIyOC4xNjMiLCAicG9ydCI6IDI3MDYwLCAiaWQiOiAiNzFkYTQwYjktYzIwZS00YTZlLTgwY2ItYzgxNDFmNjkzNTI2IiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNTIuNjcuMjUxLjIzMiIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogImlydmlkZW8uY2ZkIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICJlNTM3ZjJmNS0yYTBjLTRmNTktOTJjOS04MzJjYTY0MzNiZjMiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfh7rwn4e4VVMtMTUyLjY3LjI1MS4yMzItNzQzNSIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogZmFsc2UsCiAgICAic25pIjogImlydmlkZW8uY2ZkIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiJhbGlwLmNvbSIsImFpZCI6IjAiLCJhbHBuIjoiIiwiZnAiOiIiLCJob3N0IjoiIiwiaWQiOiJiNGMxZGQ2Mi1mMGRkLTRhNmYtOGU4NS1lNDI5M2EzMzgxODciLCJuZXQiOiJ0Y3AiLCJwYXRoIjoiIiwicG9ydCI6Ijg2NDMiLCJwcyI6Ilvwn4+BXXQubWUvQ29uZmlnc0h1YiIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJ0bHMiOiIiLCJ0eXBlIjoibm9uZSIsInYiOiIyIn0=œü ·¥õ·¥á ú Ä·¥Ä…¥ œü Íú± ú…™ Ä·¥Ä·¥¢ œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü ·¥ã·¥Ä Ä·¥Ä·¥ä œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: # ô Ä…™·¥õ…™s ú·¥†…™ Ä…¢…™…¥…™s ü·¥Ä…¥·¥Ös(·¥†…¢)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiNjUuMTA5LjE5Mi4yNDQiLCAicG9ydCI6IDI5ODc4LCAiaWQiOiAiNDJjZjZhMmEtZmM1Yy00MjJjLTg4YzQtYzJjZTE3MmEyMWE2IiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=Country = #Finland(üá´üáÆ)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiNDYuMjkuMTY2LjIzNyIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJhbHBuIjogIiIsICJmcCI6ICIiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICIiLCAiaWQiOiAiMGM0OWNkMTktMjc1OC00ZDM4LWU2YTgtMTFmMmQ2NjM1ODYwIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIiLCAicG9ydCI6ICI0NzU1NSIsICJwcyI6ICJcdWQ4M2RcdWRmZTNcdWQ4M2RcdWRkMjUrXHUwNmE5XHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2XHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ0K1x1MDYzM1x1MDYzMVx1MDY0OFx1MDYzMStcdTA2MzFcdTA2MjdcdTA2Y2NcdTA2YWZcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDYrQEZhcmFoVlBOIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNuaSI6ICIiLCAidGxzIjogIiIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidiI6ICIyIn0=Country = #Russia(üá∑üá∫)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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Country = #Poland(üáµüá±)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAicHEtYnJhemlsMS4wOXZwbi5jb20iLCAicG9ydCI6ICI4MCIsICJpZCI6ICJjMDRjM2IzNC03MGZkLTRmZWMtOTYzZS1jMTJkMDlmMzZiZWYiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgImhvc3QiOiAicHEtYnJhemlsMS4wOXZwbi5jb20iLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvdm1lc3MvIn0=Country = #Brazil(üáßüá∑)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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Country = #Spain(üá™üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiNjUuMTA5LjE5Mi4yNDQiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAiYWxwbiI6ICIiLCAiZnAiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjg3MGFhZGZmLTNlYWMtNGQ5Zi1hMjFhLWMxYTAxNjY0YThjOCIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiNTI2MzUiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzbmkiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ2IjogIjIifQ==Country = #Finland(üá´üáÆ)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxODguMTE0Ljk5LjE4MyIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogImxpbmRlMDYuaW5kaWF2aWRlby5zYnMiLAogICAgImlkIjogImVkYmIxMDU5LTE2MzMtNDI3MS1iNjZlLWVkNGZiYTQ3YTFiZiIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rd3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTE4OC4xMTQuOTkuMTgzLTc0MjAiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJsaW5kZTA2LmluZGlhdmlkZW8uc2JzIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYyBTRy02Mi4xNDYuMjMyLjE1Nzo1Mjg1NiIsICJhZGQiOiAiNjIuMTQ2LjIzMi4xNTciLCAicG9ydCI6IDUyODU2LCAiaWQiOiAiZWQ1NGUzODgtYmZjNS00YjM2LWFlNGQtOGIzY2Q0NjBkM2Q0IiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIiwgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjEuOTQuMTY4IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNjJhYTVmODAtMDMyOC00MDA0LWEzNzUtN2Y1YTU5ZGY0MDIyIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTA0LjIxLjk0LjE2OC03NDU5IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICIiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess: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Country = #United_States(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIzOC4xNC4xMDcuMjI1IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiA2NCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogInd3dy4yMzE3OTc1My54eXoiLAogICAgImlkIjogIjQxODA0OGFmLWEyOTMtNGI5OS05YjBjLTk4Y2EzNTgwZGQyNCIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9wYXRoLzE4MTcyMTI3MjExNCIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDM4MDAzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfh7rwn4e4VVMtMzguMTQuMTA3LjIyNS03NDk4IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICIiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjEuMTguMjI3IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiamFoZmtqaGEuY2ZkIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICI5NTBkYjZhYS00OTI2LTQ2MTYtODE2ZS1lYzAzMTJkY2I4N2IiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfj4FSRUxBWS0xMDQuMjEuMTguMjI3LTc1MjAiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsCiAgICAic25pIjogIiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjoiMiIsInBzIjoiRC1GT1gtMjA4OCIsImFkZCI6IjEzOC4xOTcuMS4yMjIiLCJwb3J0IjoiODg4MSIsImlkIjoiZGI1YWZhZTQtYWMyMy00MWE2LTgzNzgtZjMwN2E5YTQ3NDM2IiwiYWlkIjoiMCIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJuZXQiOiJ0Y3AiLCJ0eXBlIjoiaHR0cCIsImhvc3QiOiJtb2kuaXIiLCJwYXRoIjoiLyIsInRscyI6Im5vbmUiLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJhbHBuIjoiIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxODUuMTQ2LjE3My4xNTgiLCJhaWQiOiIwIiwiYWxwbiI6IiIsImZwIjoiIiwiaG9zdCI6ImphaGZramhhLmNmZCIsImlkIjoiOTUwZGI2YWEtNDkyNi00NjE2LTgxNmUtZWMwMzEyZGNiODdiIiwibmV0Ijoid3MiLCJwYXRoIjoiL2xpbmt3cyIsInBvcnQiOiI0NDMiLCJwcyI6Ilvwn4e48J+Hql10Lm1lL0NvbmZpZ3NIdWIiLCJzY3kiOiJhdXRvIiwic25pIjoiamFoZmtqaGEuY2ZkIiwidGxzIjoidGxzIiwidHlwZSI6IiIsInYiOiIyIn0=œü ·¥õ·¥á ú Ä·¥Ä…¥ œü Íú± ú…™ Ä·¥Ä·¥¢ œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü ·¥ã·¥Ä Ä·¥Ä·¥ä œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #s·¥°·¥á·¥Ö·¥á…¥(s·¥á)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiczIuZGItbGluazAyLnRvcCIsICJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJwb3J0IjogODA4MCwgImlkIjogIjRiMzY2MjVjLWI5ZDktM2VhNi1hZWQ1LTg2ZDYyYzcwZTE2ZCIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAidHlwZSI6ICIiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICIxMDAtMTE5LTE1MS0yNDguczIuZGItbGluazAyLnRvcCIsICJwYXRoIjogIi9kYWJhaS5pbjE3Mi42NC40MS4xNTAiLCAidGxzIjogIiJ9Country = #US(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTcyLjk5LjE4OC4xOTAiLCAicG9ydCI6IDQ3OTI1LCAiaWQiOiAiZjU4ZmZkYTItM2VmYy00OWE1LTkwNDctZjhjMmY5M2M1NzVkIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=Country = #The_Netherlands(üá≥üá±)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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Country = #Canada(üá®üá¶)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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Country = #Germany(üá©üá™)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTcwLjExNC40NS41MiIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJhbHBuIjogIiIsICJmcCI6ICIiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJ1c3RvdWNqam5pZDE4c2o2dXMubG92ZWJhaXBpYW8uY29tIiwgImlkIjogIjkxOTliZjc4LTg3NjItNGVjNS05YjdmLTA3Mzk2YjcxZTlkNCIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiMjA4NiIsICJwcyI6ICJcdWQ4M2RcdWRkMTIgVk0tV1MtTkEgXHVkODNjXHVkZGZhXHVkODNjXHVkZGY4IFVTLTE3MC4xMTQuNDUuNTI6MjA4NiIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzbmkiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAidHlwZSI6ICIiLCAidiI6ICIyIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess: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ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMzcuMjcuMTgyLjEwOSIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJob3N0IjogIiIsICJpZCI6ICJiM2E2NDM1Yi1mZWFlLTQxZjQtYTZiOC1jZjNjMDllNTM2ZTEiLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJwYXRoIjogIiIsICJwb3J0IjogMzM3OCwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGQxMiBWTS1UQ1AtTk9ORSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZWJcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZWUgRkktMzcuMjcuMTgyLjEwOTozMzc4IiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiIiwgInYiOiAiMiJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxODguMTE0Ljk3Ljc5IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAibGluZGUwNi5pbmRpYXZpZGVvLnNicyIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiZWRiYjEwNTktMTYzMy00MjcxLWI2NmUtZWQ0ZmJhNDdhMWJmIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTg4LjExNC45Ny43OS03NTE3IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAibGluZGUwNi5pbmRpYXZpZGVvLnNicyIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTA0LjIxLjgyLjE4MyIsICJhaWQiOiAwLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJzZXJ2ZXIyNi5iZWhlc2h0YmFuZWguY29tIiwgImlkIjogIjVhNzAyMWUwLTI2YjQtNDVkNi1iMTc1LWZlNTUxNjAxY2E5NyIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgInBvcnQiOiA4ODgwLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVdTLU5BIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGZmNFx1MjAwZFx1MjYyMFx1ZmUwZiBOQS0xMDQuMjEuODIuMTgzOjg4ODAiLCAidGxzIjogIiIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwgInNuaSI6ICIifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjEuOTQuMTY4IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNjJhYTVmODAtMDMyOC00MDA0LWEzNzUtN2Y1YTU5ZGY0MDIyIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTA0LjIxLjk0LjE2OC03NTUwIiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICIiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess: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 = #The_Netherlands(üá≥üá±)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJ1czAxLnNoLWNsb3VkZmxhcmUuc2JzIiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAidXMwMS5zaC1jbG91ZGZsYXJlLnNicyIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiOTE0NTg0ZWUtMzUxNS00NmFjLWEwOWQtNDY3N2EyZTlkYzlhIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDg0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTEwNC4yMS4zMi4xLTA3NjQiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJ1czAxLnNoLWNsb3VkZmxhcmUuc2JzIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlZVx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmMyBJTi05NC4xMzYuMTg0LjE1NTozOTI1MyIsICJhZGQiOiAiOTQuMTM2LjE4NC4xNTUiLCAicG9ydCI6IDM5MjUzLCAiaWQiOiAiNjliNDlhMzUtY2Y1NS00ZDE0LTlmMmItZDdjZTNhMGRiNzJlIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmYVx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOCBVUy0xNS4yMDQuMjQ4LjkyOjMwNTYyIiwgImFkZCI6ICIxNS4yMDQuMjQ4LjkyIiwgInBvcnQiOiAzMDU2MiwgImlkIjogIjgyNDY2NzE1LTZhNTgtNDA0Ni1hMzYzLWEwZDE4ZTViMmFiNCIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAidXN3dXhpYW4ucGFpNTAyODgudWsiLCAidiI6ICIyIiwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGZlM1x1ZDgzZFx1ZGQyNStcdTA2YTlcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDZcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDQrXHUwNjMzXHUwNjMxXHUwNjQ4XHUwNjMxK1x1MDYzMVx1MDYyN1x1MDZjY1x1MDZhZlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NitARmFyYWhWUE4iLCAicG9ydCI6IDg0NDMsICJpZCI6ICJjMzEzNjA2Zi05OGMyLTRkN2ItYmE3NC00OGI5NGY2MWIxMWQiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAidXN3dXhpYW4ucGFpNTAyODgudWsiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMifQ==Country = #US(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTcyLjk5LjE4OC41NSIsICJwb3J0IjogMTcyODQsICJpZCI6ICJlNGVmZTEyZC05N2MwLTRmZDctYmZkNC0wNjlmZjA0ZThkNDQiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogIm5vbmUifQ==Country = #The_Netherlands(üá≥üá±)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiODguMTk4LjE3Mi4yNSIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJhbHBuIjogIiIsICJmcCI6ICIiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICIiLCAiaWQiOiAiZTdlYjQ3MmUtZGM4My00OWQ1LWJlNWUtODJhNzlhMjEyNGVlIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJncnBjIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiSmJpQjhWNjZWNzhIZjViaXZmc2lzOHZIIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiMTUxNDUiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLUdSUEMtTkEgXHVkODNjXHVkZGU5XHVkODNjXHVkZGVhIERFLTg4LjE5OC4xNzIuMjU6MTUxNDUiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAic25pIjogIiIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiZ3VuIiwgInYiOiAiMiJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMjMuMTYyLjIwMC45MSIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJob3N0IjogIiIsICJpZCI6ICJjYzliNjZiNy0xZGU3LTRhYTktOTY0Mi01NzVhOGFlM2ZmMTkiLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJwYXRoIjogIiIsICJwb3J0IjogIjIwMTgyIiwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGQxMiBWTS1UQ1AtTkEgXHVkODNjXHVkZGU4XHVkODNjXHVkZGU2IENBLTIzLjE2Mi4yMDAuOTE6MjAxODIiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAic25pIjogIiIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiIiwgInYiOiAiMiJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNzIuNjcuMTYxLjc3IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAibGluZGUwNi5pbmRpYXZpZGVvLnNicyIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiZWRiYjEwNTktMTYzMy00MjcxLWI2NmUtZWQ0ZmJhNDdhMWJmIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTcyLjY3LjE2MS43Ny03NTYyIiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAibGluZGUwNi5pbmRpYXZpZGVvLnNicyIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICI2YThlMGNhMi1zdWN2NDAtdDgybzV0LWxidzUuaGsucDVwdi5jb20iLAogICAgImFpZCI6IDIsCiAgICAiaG9zdCI6ICJicm9hZGNhc3Rsdi5jaGF0LmJpbGliaWxpLmNvbSIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiMGU1MTFmNTAtNzkzZi0xMWVhLWI4NzMtZjIzYzkxY2ZiYmM5IiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDgwLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfh63wn4ewSEstMS42NS4yMTguMTI5LTA5MTciLAogICAgInRscyI6ICIiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsCiAgICAic25pIjogIiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJzMi5kYi1saW5rMDEudG9wIiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiMTAwLTEzMC0xMzYtNTAuczIuZGItbGluazAxLnRvcCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNGIzNjYyNWMtYjlkOS0zZWE2LWFlZDUtODZkNjJjNzBlMTZkIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2RhYmFpLmluMTA0LjIxLjEzMy4xMiIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDIwOTUsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTEwNC4xNy4yMTMuMjQxLTA4OTEiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICIiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsCiAgICAic25pIjogIiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJueTEtZGFzaC44OTA2OTkueHl6IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAibnkxLWRhc2guODkwNjk5Lnh5eiIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNjU4Yjg3ZTAtNWQ5Mi00NDI0LWQzNDQtYzE2N2FjZDZhNzdmIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL255MS1zdWIuODkwNjk5Lnh5eiIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDIwOTYsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTEwNC4yMS4zMi4xLTU2OTYiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJueTEtc3ViLjg5MDY5OS54eXoiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiI0Ni4yOS4xNjYuMjM3IiwiYWlkIjoiMCIsImFscG4iOiIiLCJmcCI6IiIsImhvc3QiOiIiLCJpZCI6IjBjNDljZDE5LTI3NTgtNGQzOC1lNmE4LTExZjJkNjYzNTg2MCIsIm5ldCI6InRjcCIsInBhdGgiOiIiLCJwb3J0IjoiNDc1NTUiLCJwcyI6Itiz2LHZiNixINix2KfbjNqv2KfZhiDZvtix2LPYsdi52Krwn4yKIEB2bWVzc19pciIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJ0bHMiOiIiLCJ0eXBlIjoibm9uZSIsInYiOiIyIn0=ŸÖÿÆÿµŸàÿµ ÿß€åÿ±ÿßŸÜÿ≥ŸÑ Ÿà ÿ±ÿß€åÿ™ŸÑ‚úÖÿ≠ÿ™ŸÖÿß ÿ®Ÿá ÿßÿ¥ÿ™ÿ±ÿß⁄© ÿ®ÿ≤ÿßÿ±€åÿØ ‚úÖ@vmess_irüöÄüöÄüí¨üí¨üí¨üì∑üì∑üí¨üì∫üì∫üí¨üòçÿØÿ± ÿµŸàÿ±ÿ™ ÿßÿ™ÿµÿßŸÑ ÿ≠ÿ™ŸÖÿß ÿØÿ± ÿ±€å⁄©ÿ¥ŸÜ Ÿáÿß ÿ¥ÿ±⁄©ÿ™ ⁄©ŸÜ€åÿØüòç
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxMDcuMTQ4LjIwNy4yNDkiLCJhaWQiOiIwIiwiYWxwbiI6IiIsImZwIjoiIiwiaG9zdCI6ImFwcHN2cy5zaG9wIiwiaWQiOiI0MTgwNDhhZi1hMjkzLTRiOTktOWIwYy05OGNhMzU4MGRkMjQiLCJuZXQiOiJ0Y3AiLCJwYXRoIjoiLyIsInBvcnQiOiI0ODcxMiIsInBzIjoiW/Cfh7rwn4e4XXQubWUvQ29uZmlnc0h1YiIsImlkIjoiNDE4MDQ4YWYtYTI5My00Yjk5LTliMGMtOThjYTM1ODBkZDI0IiwibmV0IjoidGNwIiwicGF0aCI6Ii8iLCJwb3J0IjoiNDg3MTIiLCJwcyI6IldpRmktQFYycmF5X0FscGhhLTE0Iiwic2N5IjoiYXV0byIsInNuaSI6IiIsInRscyI6IiIsInR5cGUiOiJub25lIiwidiI6IjIifQ==œü ·¥õ·¥á ú Ä·¥Ä…¥ œü Íú± ú…™ Ä·¥Ä·¥¢ œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü ·¥ã·¥Ä Ä·¥Ä·¥ä œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #·¥ú…¥…™·¥õ·¥á·¥Ös·¥õ·¥Ä·¥õ·¥ás(·¥ús)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxODYuMTkwLjIxNS45MyIsImFpZCI6IjAiLCJhbHBuIjoiIiwiZnAiOiIiLCJob3N0IjoiIiwiaWQiOiIwNDYyMWJhZS1hYjM2LTExZWMtYjkwOS0wMjQyYWMxMjAwMDIiLCJuZXQiOiJ0Y3AiLCJwYXRoIjoiIiwicG9ydCI6IjIyMzI0IiwicHMiOiJb8J+PgV10Lm1lL0NvbmZpZ3NIdWIiLCJzY3kiOiJhdXRvIiwic25pIjoiIiwidGxzIjoiIiwidHlwZSI6Im5vbmUiLCJ2IjoiMiJ9œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #s·¥°…™·¥õ·¥¢·¥á Ä ü·¥Ä…¥·¥Ö(·¥Ñ ú)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIyMy4xNTguNTYuMjEiLCJhaWQiOiIwIiwiYWxwbiI6IiIsImZwIjoiIiwiaG9zdCI6IiIsImlkIjoiNmVlZjM0NDgtYmJjMC00OTMzLTg5NGEtNzJiM2U4Nzg2MTA5IiwibmV0IjoidGNwIiwicGF0aCI6IiIsInBvcnQiOiI0ODk2MSIsInBzIjoiW/Cfh6nwn4eqXXQubWUvQ29uZmlnc0h1YiIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJ0bHMiOiIiLCJ0eXBlIjoibm9uZSIsInYiOiIyIn0=œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #…¢·¥á Ä·¥ç·¥Ä…¥ è(·¥Ö·¥á)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiNTEuNzkuMTAyLjI1MyIsICJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJwb3J0IjogODAsICJpZCI6ICI1OGZlMTU0Mi01MjkwLTQwYWQtODE1YS03NzcwN2E4MWFmZTUiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiL0lPZWJoTE1obDFDVGJGSGJMOTVteWZSWDIiLCAidGxzIjogIiJ9Country = #Canada(üá®üá¶)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiODguMTk4LjE3Mi4yNSIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJhbHBuIjogIiIsICJmcCI6ICIiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICIiLCAiaWQiOiAiZTdlYjQ3MmUtZGM4My00OWQ1LWJlNWUtODJhNzlhMjEyNGVlIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJncnBjIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiSmJpQjhWNjZWNzhIZjViaXZmc2lzOHZIIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiMTUxNDUiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzbmkiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJndW4iLCAidiI6ICIyIn0=Country = #Germany(üá©üá™)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAidXN3dXhpYW4ucGFpNTAyODgudWsiLCAidiI6ICIyIiwgInBvcnQiOiA4NDQzLCAiaWQiOiAiYzMxMzYwNmYtOThjMi00ZDdiLWJhNzQtNDhiOTRmNjFiMTFkIiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsICJ0eXBlIjogIiIsICJob3N0IjogInVzd3V4aWFuLnBhaTUwMjg4LnVrIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGZlM1x1ZDgzZFx1ZGQyNStcdTA2YTlcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDZcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDQrXHUwNjMzXHUwNjMxXHUwNjQ4XHUwNjMxK1x1MDYzMVx1MDYyN1x1MDZjY1x1MDZhZlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NitARmFyYWhWUE4ifQ==Country = #US(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYlx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmNyBGUi0zOC4xMDkuMjI4LjIxNDoxNDg1NCIsICJhZGQiOiAiMzguMTA5LjIyOC4yMTQiLCAicG9ydCI6IDE0ODU0LCAiaWQiOiAiZjBhMjE0YmEtMmE0Zi00ZjIyLWIzNDItMDMxMjM3MjZhYjI3IiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxODguMTE0Ljk5LjE4MyIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogImxpbmRlMDYuaW5kaWF2aWRlby5zYnMiLAogICAgImlkIjogImVkYmIxMDU5LTE2MzMtNDI3MS1iNjZlLWVkNGZiYTQ3YTFiZiIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rd3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTE4OC4xMTQuOTkuMTgzLTc1NDMiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJsaW5kZTA2LmluZGlhdmlkZW8uc2JzIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJmazItYmFzaC44OTA2MTcueHl6IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiZmsyLWJhc2guODkwNjE3Lnh5eiIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiZmVkZGMzMjYtZGE3MC00ZmFiLTk1YTktOGY5OGJlNmRhNjMzIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2ZrMi0xIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogMjA4NywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTcyLjY3LjE1OS41Ni01NjI0IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiZmsyLWJhc2guODkwNjE3Lnh5eiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICI1MS43Ny4yMC4xMzciLAogICAgImFpZCI6IDAsCiAgICAiaG9zdCI6ICJ0aWxlYmFuaS5jb20iLAogICAgImlkIjogIjAzZmNjNjE4LWI5M2QtNjc5Ni02YWVkLThhMzhjOTc1ZDU4MSIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rdndzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfh6vwn4e3RlItNTEuNzcuMjAuMTM3LTc1NzkiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsCiAgICAic25pIjogIiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxMDQuMTkuMTUwLjEwIiwiYWlkIjoiMCIsImFscG4iOiIiLCJmcCI6IiIsImhvc3QiOiJtY2kubXRuLmlyLmNvbS5vcmcubmV0Lm9tMi5tdXNpY2ZhMTIzLmlyLiIsImlkIjoiOTRmMzMyYjAtYzVkMy00NTMxLWExZDYtNmU2MzU4Y2M2YzcyIiwibmV0IjoiaHR0cHVwZ3JhZGUiLCJwYXRoIjoiL2QzZDNMbWx5WVc1b2IzTjBMbU52YlFcdTAwM2RcdTAwM2Q/ZWRcdTAwM2QyNTYwIiwicG9ydCI6IjIwOTUiLCJwcyI6Itqp2KfZhtmB24zaryDZvtix2LPYsdi52Kog2LHYp9uM2q/Yp9mG8J+Mi0B2bWVzYyIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJ0bHMiOiIiLCJ0eXBlIjoiLS0tIiwidiI6IjIifQ==‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚ù• MtnFree serviceüëáüëáüëáüëáüëá‚úÖ @vmesc
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxNDYuMTkuMTY4LjE2MSIsImFpZCI6IjAiLCJhbHBuIjoiIiwiZnAiOiJjaHJvbWUiLCJob3N0IjoiYXowNS5iZXlvbmR5LmNmZCIsImlkIjoiM2Y2MzhmMzQtOGRiYS00MTg2LWJjNDMtMjcxNmE3ZGRkNGJlIiwibmV0Ijoid3MiLCJwYXRoIjoiL2xpbmsiLCJwb3J0IjoiNDQzIiwicHMiOiJb8J+Hq/Cfh7dddC5tZS9Db25maWdzSHViIiwic2N5IjoiYXV0byIsInNuaSI6ImF6MDUuYmV5b25keS5jZmQiLCJ0bHMiOiJ0bHMiLCJ0eXBlIjoiIiwidiI6IjIifQ==œü ·¥õ·¥á ú Ä·¥Ä…¥ œü Íú± ú…™ Ä·¥Ä·¥¢ œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü ·¥ã·¥Ä Ä·¥Ä·¥ä œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #“ì Ä·¥Ä…¥·¥Ñ·¥á(“ì Ä)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess: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Country = #China(üá®üá≥)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiNjcuMjIwLjk0LjEzNyIsICJwb3J0IjogNTcxMjMsICJpZCI6ICJiNGQzYTgxYi1lYzBlLTRhMjctYTM1OS02ZGVhMGM0ZjFmNzUiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogIm5vbmUifQ==Country = #Canada(üá®üá¶)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlOVx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYSBERS0xOTMuMTA4LjExOC4xMzY6MTU3MTMiLCAiYWRkIjogIjE5My4xMDguMTE4LjEzNiIsICJwb3J0IjogMTU3MTMsICJpZCI6ICJmNzRlMjc3ZS04NGIzLTQ2YTItOGFiZC0yNzc3ZmE1ZTRhZjkiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogIm5vbmUifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMzQuMTk1LjE5OC4xNDciLAogICAgImFpZCI6IDAsCiAgICAiaG9zdCI6ICJpbm5hLmNmZCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiMDNmY2M2MTgtYjkzZC02Nzk2LTZhZWQtOGEzOGM5NzVkNTgxIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt2d3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+HqPCfh6ZDQS0xMzQuMTk1LjE5OC4xNDctNzUyOCIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNzIuNjcuMTg5LjI3IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAibnkyLXN1Yi45MzAucHAudWEiLAogICAgImlkIjogImYwODJlZWNhLWUwNjgtNDVmOS1kMWJmLTQ2ZTlkZTliZGY1NyIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9ueTItc3ViLjkzMC5wcC51YSIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDIwNTMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTE3Mi42Ny4xODkuMjctMDgxMiIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogZmFsc2UsCiAgICAic25pIjogIm55Mi1zdWIuOTMwLnBwLnVhIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYyBTRy02Mi4xNDYuMjMzLjc5OjQ0MTI3IiwgImFkZCI6ICI2Mi4xNDYuMjMzLjc5IiwgInBvcnQiOiA0NDEyNywgImlkIjogImFlMGZhODIyLTU4YmItNDgzZi05YWY1LWQ0MTdkOGMyM2IyMSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OQSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZjhcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZWEgU0UtMTY5LjE1MC4yMDguODM6MTgwMDAiLCAiYWRkIjogIjE2OS4xNTAuMjA4LjgzIiwgInBvcnQiOiAxODAwMCwgImFpZCI6IDAsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogImY4YzhkYzNkLTBkMzctNDZiMC04YjM0LWE3MjMyODgyZmNmZSJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTAzLjY3Ljc5LjE1NyIsICJwb3J0IjogNDUzNjUsICJpZCI6ICI3ZDJhNGU2Ni0xNTJjLTQ5ZjUtOWZmNS1jMTlhODM2ZThjODkiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogIm5vbmUifQ==Country = #Indonesia(üáÆüá©)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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Country = #The_Netherlands(üá≥üá±)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJiZTRhYzAzYy1zdW00ZzAtc3gxY3h4LTF0ZmprLnN2LnBsZWJhaS5uZXQiLAogICAgImFpZCI6IDIsCiAgICAiaG9zdCI6ICJicm9hZGNhc3Rsdi5jaGF0LmJpbGliaWxpLmNvbSIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNDkzOTZkOTgtZjRiNC0xMWVmLThjM2YtZjIzYzkxM2M4ZDJiIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDgwLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfh7rwn4e4VVMtMTk4LjIuMjQzLjUxLTA5MTYiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICIiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsCiAgICAic25pIjogIiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess: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ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJobXMyNi54cGVuZ21vdG9ycy5zYnMiLAogICAgImFpZCI6IDAsCiAgICAiaG9zdCI6ICJobXMyNi54cGVuZ21vdG9ycy5zYnMiLAogICAgImlkIjogImZiMGEyZGU2LWJmMDYtNGZmMC05N2NlLWMyMWFiY2RjMmQ1NSIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rd3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+Hq/Cfh7dGUi00NS4xNDUuMTY2LjIwOS01NTA3IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiaG1zMjYueHBlbmdtb3RvcnMuc2JzIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlNlx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmYSBBVS0xNTQuMjYuMTUzLjE2MToyMTc1OSIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTU0LjI2LjE1My4xNjEiLCAicG9ydCI6IDIxNzU5LCAiaWQiOiAiZTVmMTZmYWQtZjljMy00NTJiLThlNzEtYmM5NTA0ZTI5ZmM5IiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIiwgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIzOC4xNC4xMDcuMjI2IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiA2NCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogIiIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNDE4MDQ4YWYtYTI5My00Yjk5LTliMGMtOThjYTM1ODBkZDI0IiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL3BhdGgvMzQwNDM0MTMwMDMyIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogMzgwMDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+HuvCfh7hVUy0zOC4xNC4xMDcuMjI2LTU1MDMiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsCiAgICAic25pIjogIiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjEuMTguMjI3IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiamFoZmtqaGEuY2ZkIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICI5NTBkYjZhYS00OTI2LTQ2MTYtODE2ZS1lYzAzMTJkY2I4N2IiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfj4FSRUxBWS0xMDQuMjEuMTguMjI3LTc1NjEiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsCiAgICAic25pIjogIiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIwNmU2YjA3NS1zdW00ZzAtc3gxY3h4LTF0ZmprLmhrMy5wNXB2LmNvbSIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMiwKICAgICJob3N0IjogImJyb2FkY2FzdGx2LmNoYXQuYmlsaWJpbGkuY29tIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICI0OTM5NmQ5OC1mNGI0LTExZWYtOGMzZi1mMjNjOTEzYzhkMmIiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogODAsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+HrfCfh7BISy0xLjY1LjIwOC4xMjgtMjM0MSIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogIiIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAiYWRkIjogIjYyLjE0Ni4yMzIuMTUyIiwgInBvcnQiOiAzMzA2NCwgImlkIjogIjk0MmQ1NmU0LWNmNzItNGE3YS1hODdjLWY1NTVhMjcwZDc5YSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSIsICJwcyI6ICJcdWQ4M2RcdWRmZTNcdWQ4M2RcdWRkMjUrXHUwNmE5XHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2XHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ0K1x1MDYzM1x1MDYzMVx1MDY0OFx1MDYzMStcdTA2MzFcdTA2MjdcdTA2Y2NcdTA2YWZcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDYrQEZhcmFoVlBOIn0=Country = #Singapore(üá∏üá¨)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJobXMxOS5iZXN0LXRpemkudG9wIiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNjJhYTVmODAtMDMyOC00MDA0LWEzNzUtN2Y1YTU5ZGY0MDIyIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4ep8J+HqkRFLTkxLjE5NS4yNDAuMTItNzYwNyIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogZmFsc2UsCiAgICAic25pIjogImhtczE5LmJlc3QtdGl6aS50b3AiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJsb24yLWRhc2guOTMwLnBwLnVhIiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAibG9uMi1kYXNoLjkzMC5wcC51YSIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiYmM4NmY5NDktNzE1Mi00MzY3LTkyZjUtN2ExMWVhY2Y5YzliIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xvbjItc3ViLjkzMC5wcC51YSIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDIwOTYsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTEwNC4yMS41Ny4zOC01NTg1IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAibG9uMi1zdWIuOTMwLnBwLnVhIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxMDMuMTQ5LjE4My4xNzgiLCJhaWQiOiIwIiwiYWxwbiI6IiIsImZwIjoiIiwiaG9zdCI6IiIsImlkIjoiM2E5MDc5NTYtZjY2OC00ZTZiLWVhMDMtMDk0OWYwYzljMGE1IiwibmV0IjoidGNwIiwicGF0aCI6IiIsInBvcnQiOiI1NDY3NSIsInBzIjoi2LPYsdmI2LEg2LHYp9uM2q/Yp9mGINm+2LHYs9ix2LnYqvCfjIogQHZtZXNzX2lyIiwic2N5IjoiYXV0byIsInNuaSI6IiIsInRscyI6IiIsInR5cGUiOiJub25lIiwidiI6IjIifQ==ŸÖÿÆÿµŸàÿµ ŸáŸÖÿ±ÿßŸá ÿßŸàŸÑ Ÿà Ÿàÿß€åŸÅÿß€å‚úÖÿ≠ÿ™ŸÖÿß ÿ®Ÿá ÿßÿ¥ÿ™ÿ±ÿß⁄© ÿ®ÿ≤ÿßÿ±€åÿØ ‚úÖ@vmess_irüöÄüöÄüí¨üí¨üí¨üì∑üì∑üí¨üì∫üì∫üí¨üòçÿØÿ± ÿµŸàÿ±ÿ™ ÿßÿ™ÿµÿßŸÑ ÿ≠ÿ™ŸÖÿß ÿØÿ± ÿ±€å⁄©ÿ¥ŸÜ Ÿáÿß ÿ¥ÿ±⁄©ÿ™ ⁄©ŸÜ€åÿØüòç
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxODguMTE0Ljk3LjYiLCJhaWQiOiIwIiwiYWxwbiI6IiIsImhvc3QiOiJsaW5kZTA2LmluZGlhdmlkZW8uc2JzIiwiaWQiOiJlZGJiMTA1OS0xNjMzLTQyNzEtYjY2ZS1lZDRmYmE0N2ExYmYiLCJuZXQiOiJ3cyIsInBhdGgiOiIvbGlua3dzIiwicG9ydCI6IjQ0MyIsInBzIjoiW/Cfh6jwn4emXXQubWUvQ29uZmlnc0h1YiIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJzbmkiOiJsaW5kZTA2LmluZGlhdmlkZW8uc2JzIiwidGxzIjoidGxzIiwidHlwZSI6IiIsInYiOiIyIn0=œü ·¥õ·¥á ú Ä·¥Ä…¥ œü Íú± ú…™ Ä·¥Ä·¥¢ œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü ·¥ã·¥Ä Ä·¥Ä·¥ä œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #·¥Ñ·¥Ä…¥·¥Ä·¥Ö·¥Ä(·¥Ñ·¥Ä)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAidjkuaGVkdWlhbi5saW5rIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiMzA4MDkiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgImlkIjogImNiYjNmODc3LWQxZmItMzQ0Yy04N2E5LWQxNTNiZmZkNTQ4NCIsICJhaWQiOiAiMiIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvb29vbyIsICJob3N0IjogImJhaWR1LmNvbSIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIn0=Country = #China(üá®üá≥)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTA0LjIxLjExMi4xIiwgInYiOiAiMiIsICJwcyI6ICJcdWQ4M2RcdWRmZTNcdWQ4M2RcdWRkMjUrXHUwNmE5XHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2XHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ0K1x1MDYzM1x1MDYzMVx1MDY0OFx1MDYzMStcdTA2MzFcdTA2MjdcdTA2Y2NcdTA2YWZcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDYrQEZhcmFoVlBOIiwgInBvcnQiOiA4MCwgImlkIjogIjdmOGExYmI5LWJlZTAtNDBhOC1mOTA4LTIxYTY1ZGEwZjNjYyIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAidHlwZSI6ICIiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJ1czJ2bWVzcy5ybm1jbm0uY29tIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLzEyM3F3ZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIn0=Country = #US(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAia3IzLnR0Y2MudGVjaCIsICJwb3J0IjogIjQ0MyIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLCAiaWQiOiAiYjJkMTA2NzMtMjRjYy00Zjk2LWIxZjMtZGE4YjE3NTg5MDc3IiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLyJ9Country = #South_Korea(üá∞üá∑)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiNjIuMTQ2LjIzMi4xNTMiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAiYWxwbiI6ICIiLCAiZnAiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjEzZTEzYTNlLWU5ODEtNGVlYS1hOWZjLTEzZTUwNjI4ZmQ5YiIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiNTMxNDQiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OQSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZjhcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZWMgU0ctNjIuMTQ2LjIzMi4xNTM6NTMxNDQiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAic25pIjogIiIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ2IjogIjIifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTA0LjE5LjQ4LjIzNiIsICJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVdTLU5BIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGZmNFx1MjAwZFx1MjYyMFx1ZmUwZiBOQS0xMDQuMTkuNDguMjM2OjIwODIiLCAicG9ydCI6IDIwODIsICJpZCI6ICI0YjM2NjI1Yy1iOWQ5LTNlYTYtYWVkNS04NmQ2MmM3MGUxNmQiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiMTAwLTU5LTE3OC0yNDcuczQuY24tZGIudG9wIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiL2RhYmFpLmluMTA0LjE5LjEwMS4xMTAiLCAidGxzIjogIiJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiNTEuODEuMjAzLjU3IiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgImFscG4iOiAiIiwgImZwIjogIiIsICJob3N0IjogIiIsICJpZCI6ICIxNzg0NDk3ZC0wM2ExLTQwYmItYmI4Yi1kZTRmZmFjN2M1OWMiLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJwYXRoIjogIiIsICJwb3J0IjogIjI4ODYwIiwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGQxMiBWTS1UQ1AtTk9ORSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZmFcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZjggVVMtNTEuODEuMjAzLjU3OjI4ODYwIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNuaSI6ICIiLCAidGxzIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInYiOiAiMiJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMzguNDguMjI3LjIzMSIsICJhaWQiOiA2NCwgImhvc3QiOiAid3d3LjQyMjY2NDUxLnh5eiIsICJpZCI6ICI0MTgwNDhhZi1hMjkzLTRiOTktOWIwYy05OGNhMzU4MGRkMjQiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiL3BhdGgvMjQwODExMDYyODEzIiwgInBvcnQiOiA0Nzc3OCwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGQxMiBWTS1XUy1UTFMgXHVkODNjXHVkZGZhXHVkODNjXHVkZGY4IFVTLTM4LjQ4LjIyNy4yMzE6NDc3NzgiLCAidGxzIjogInRscyIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogZmFsc2UsICJzbmkiOiAid3d3LjQyMjY2NDUxLnh5eiJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJsb24xLWRhc2guODkwNjk5Lnh5eiIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogImxvbjEtc3ViLjg5MDY5OS54eXoiLAogICAgImlkIjogIjQxOTYzZTZiLTI5NWQtNDVhMC1iNmNjLTM4ZmJkZDNlM2Y3NSIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9sb24xLXN1Yi44OTA2OTkueHl6IiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogODQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTA0LjIxLjQ4LjEtMDc0OSIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OQSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZThcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZjMgQ04tMTgzLjIzNi41MS4zNjo1OTAwMyIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTgzLjIzNi41MS4zNiIsICJwb3J0IjogIjU5MDAzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJpZCI6ICI0MTgwNDhhZi1hMjkzLTRiOTktOWIwYy05OGNhMzU4MGRkMjQiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJwYXRoIjogIi8iLCAiaG9zdCI6ICIiLCAidGxzIjogIiJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlNiBDQS02Ny4yMjAuOTQuMTk2OjQ3OTQxIiwgImFkZCI6ICI2Ny4yMjAuOTQuMTk2IiwgInBvcnQiOiA0Nzk0MSwgImlkIjogIjRiZTQ0MTgwLTI1ZjktNDUyZi1hYjZiLWJlMDc1OGNlZjJiNiIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZX0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNzIuNjcuMTc5LjE5OSIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogImxpbmRlMDYuaW5kaWF2aWRlby5zYnMiLAogICAgImlkIjogImVkYmIxMDU5LTE2MzMtNDI3MS1iNjZlLWVkNGZiYTQ3YTFiZiIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rd3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTE3Mi42Ny4xNzkuMTk5LTc1MjIiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsCiAgICAic25pIjogIiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxODguMTE0Ljk2LjUiLAogICAgImFpZCI6IDAsCiAgICAiaG9zdCI6ICJsaW5kZTA2LmluZGlhdmlkZW8uc2JzIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICJlZGJiMTA1OS0xNjMzLTQyNzEtYjY2ZS1lZDRmYmE0N2ExYmYiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfj4FSRUxBWS0xODguMTE0Ljk2LjUtNzU1OSIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogZmFsc2UsCiAgICAic25pIjogImxpbmRlMDYuaW5kaWF2aWRlby5zYnMiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVJBVy1OQSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZjhcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZWMgU0ctNjIuMTQ2LjIzMy4xMTI6MzY3MTIiLCAiYWRkIjogIjYyLjE0Ni4yMzMuMTEyIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiMzY3MTIiLCAiaWQiOiAiOTI2NmRmNDItMDgzMC00OGMyLTg1MDktNGM1N2IzMGZlMjlkIiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJyYXciLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJxdWl6LmludC52aWRpby5jb20iLAogICAgImFpZCI6IDAsCiAgICAiaG9zdCI6ICJzZXJ2MS5pZGtzMS53ZWIuaWQiLAogICAgImlkIjogIjljN2M3MDM5LWE1ZjEtNDdiMi05MjI1LWNiYjViZjAzYjllNiIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi92bWVzcyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTA0LjIyLjQuMjQwLTA3MzAiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJzZXJ2MS5pZGtzMS53ZWIuaWQiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMS42NS4yMDQuMjExIiwgImFpZCI6IDIsICJob3N0IjogImJyb2FkY2FzdGx2LmNoYXQuYmlsaWJpbGkuY29tIiwgImlkIjogIjQ5Mzk2ZDk4LWY0YjQtMTFlZi04YzNmLWYyM2M5MTNjOGQyYiIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgInBvcnQiOiA4MCwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGQxMiBWTS1XUy1OQSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZWRcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZjAgSEstMS42NS4yMDQuMjExOjgwIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLCAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsICJzbmkiOiAiIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxMDQuMTkuMTUwLjEwIiwiYWlkIjoiMCIsImFscG4iOiIiLCJmcCI6IiIsImhvc3QiOiJtY2kubXRuLmlyLmNvbS5vcmcubmV0Lm9tMi5tdXNpY2ZhMTIzLmlyLiIsImlkIjoiOTRmMzMyYjAtYzVkMy00NTMxLWExZDYtNmU2MzU4Y2M2YzcyIiwibmV0IjoiaHR0cHVwZ3JhZGUiLCJwYXRoIjoiL2QzZDNMbWx5WVc1b2IzTjBMbU52YlFcdTAwM2RcdTAwM2Q/ZWRcdTAwM2QyNTYwIiwicG9ydCI6IjIwOTUiLCJwcyI6Itiz2LHZiNixINix2KfbjNqv2KfZhiDZvtix2LPYsdi52Krwn4yKIEB2bWVzc19pciIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJ0bHMiOiIiLCJ0eXBlIjoiLS0tIiwidiI6IjIifQ==ŸÖÿÆÿµŸàÿµ ÿß€åÿ±ÿßŸÜÿ≥ŸÑ Ÿà ÿ±ÿß€åÿ™ŸÑ‚úÖÿ≠ÿ™ŸÖÿß ÿ®Ÿá ÿßÿ¥ÿ™ÿ±ÿß⁄© ÿ®ÿ≤ÿßÿ±€åÿØ ‚úÖ@vmess_irüöÄüöÄüí¨üí¨üí¨üì∑üì∑üí¨üì∫üì∫üí¨üòçÿØÿ± ÿµŸàÿ±ÿ™ ÿßÿ™ÿµÿßŸÑ ÿ≠ÿ™ŸÖÿß ÿØÿ± ÿ±€å⁄©ÿ¥ŸÜ Ÿáÿß ÿ¥ÿ±⁄©ÿ™ ⁄©ŸÜ€åÿØüòç
vmess: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Country = #US(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMjMuMTYyLjE1Mi4xNzUiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAiYWxwbiI6ICIiLCAiZnAiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjI4YmJiOWZmLWEwNzYtNDVhOS1iYTdiLTk1ZjhhNmMzNzFjNCIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiNTYzOTkiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYlx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmNyBGUi0yMy4xNjIuMTUyLjE3NTo1NjM5OSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzbmkiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ2IjogIjIifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYlx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmNyBGUi0yMy4xNjIuMTUyLjExMToyNTk1MSIsICJhZGQiOiAiMjMuMTYyLjE1Mi4xMTEiLCAicG9ydCI6IDI1OTUxLCAiaWQiOiAiZTdhYzcxOGEtMTc1MS00ODljLTgyMDUtMjQyMjkyNTliNDEwIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIiwgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTIwLjE5OC43MS4yMTkiLCAicG9ydCI6ICI0MjM1NSIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAiaWQiOiAiNDE4MDQ4YWYtYTI5My00Yjk5LTliMGMtOThjYTM1ODBkZDI0IiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICIifQ==Country = #China(üá®üá≥)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiZGUwMS5zaC1jbG91ZGZsYXJlLnNicyIsICJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJwb3J0IjogMjA5NiwgImlkIjogIjc1YTA4ODVmLTBjYTUtNDJhNC04NjUxLTM5MWNmODE5MzE1NCIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAidHlwZSI6ICIiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJkZTAxLnNoLWNsb3VkZmxhcmUuc2JzIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIn0=Country = #US(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlZVx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmMyBJTi05NC4xMzYuMTg0LjE1NTozOTI1MyIsICJhZGQiOiAiOTQuMTM2LjE4NC4xNTUiLCAicG9ydCI6IDM5MjUzLCAiaWQiOiAiNjliNDlhMzUtY2Y1NS00ZDE0LTlmMmItZDdjZTNhMGRiNzJlIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIiwgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTk0LjIzMy43Mi4yMjgiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICIiLCAiaWQiOiAiMTY1MDkyNjItZGJlMi00M2JhLTk5Y2UtMDc5MTNkMmExOGI0IiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIiLCAicG9ydCI6ICIyNzU3NSIsICJwcyI6ICJcdWQ4M2RcdWRkMTIgVk0tVENQLU5BIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYyBTRy0xOTQuMjMzLjcyLjIyODoyNzU3NSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzbmkiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAidHlwZSI6ICIiLCAidiI6ICIyIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICI1MS43OS4xMDIuMjUzIiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiNTEuNzkuMTAyLjI1MyIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNThmZTE1NDItNTI5MC00MGFkLTgxNWEtNzc3MDdhODFhZmU1IiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL0lPZWJoTE1obDFDVGJGSGJMOTVteWZSWDIiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA4MCwKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4eo8J+HpkNBLTUxLjc5LjEwMi4yNTMtMTE0OCIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogIiIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess: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ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxNzIuNjcuMTcwLjEwMyIsImFpZCI6IjAiLCJhbHBuIjoiaDMiLCJmcCI6ImNocm9tZSIsImhvc3QiOiJnbHdlaWRmLnNicyIsImlkIjoiNzYyMjFiZmItZTkyZi00ZTgwLTgxYzUtNmZlNDhmNTBhYzBiIiwibmV0Ijoid3MiLCJwYXRoIjoiL2xpbmt3cyIsInBvcnQiOiI0NDMiLCJwcyI6Ilvwn4eo8J+Hpl10Lm1lL0NvbmZpZ3NIdWIiLCJzY3kiOiJhdXRvIiwic25pIjoiZ2x3ZWlkZi5zYnMiLCJ0bHMiOiJ0bHMiLCJ0eXBlIjoiIiwidiI6IjIifQ==œü ·¥õ·¥á ú Ä·¥Ä…¥ œü Íú± ú…™ Ä·¥Ä·¥¢ œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü ·¥ã·¥Ä Ä·¥Ä·¥ä œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #·¥Ñ·¥Ä…¥·¥Ä·¥Ö·¥Ä(·¥Ñ·¥Ä)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTIwLjE5OC43MS4yMTQiLCAicG9ydCI6ICIzNDA5MyIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAiaWQiOiAiNDE4MDQ4YWYtYTI5My00Yjk5LTliMGMtOThjYTM1ODBkZDI0IiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICIifQ==Country = #China(üá®üá≥)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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 = #Canada(üá®üá¶)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiNDYuMjUwLjI1My4yMzQiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAiYWxwbiI6ICIiLCAiZnAiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjc2MmIzOTIzLTU4ODUtNGM1Zi04ODZmLWU2Mjc4ODUxMjMzOCIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiMjg4NzIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzbmkiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAidHlwZSI6ICIiLCAidiI6ICIyIn0=Country = #Japan(üáØüáµ)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTM0LjE5NS4xOTguMTQ3IiwgImFpZCI6IDAsICJob3N0IjogImlubmEuY2ZkIiwgImlkIjogIjAzZmNjNjE4LWI5M2QtNjc5Ni02YWVkLThhMzhjOTc1ZDU4MSIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3Z3cyIsICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLCAic25pIjogIiJ9Country = #Canada(üá®üá¶)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjYuMC45NSIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogIm9iZGlpLmNmZCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiMDU2NDFjZjUtNThkMi00YmE0LWE5ZjEtYjNjZGEwYjFmYjFkIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTA0LjI2LjAuOTUtNzQ3MCIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogZmFsc2UsCiAgICAic25pIjogIm9iZGlpLmNmZCIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMzEuMTI5LjEwNS4yMzkiLCAiYWlkIjogMCwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjc5M2UwM2NjLTJiMDgtNGQxYi1iYjBiLTU5MjU2N2QxOTA0MyIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgInBvcnQiOiAxNjIzMSwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGQxMiBWTS1XUy1OQSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZjdcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZmEgUlUtMzEuMTI5LjEwNS4yMzk6MTYyMzEiLCAidGxzIjogIiIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwgInNuaSI6ICIifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OQSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZWZcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZjUgSlAtMTMuMjMwLjIzNS4yNDc6NDg4ODkiLCAiYWRkIjogIjEzLjIzMC4yMzUuMjQ3IiwgInBvcnQiOiAiNDg4ODkiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgImlkIjogImMxMzBjYjM2LWM5M2YtNGJlNy05MjI4LWE3YTk3ZDQzODg1YSIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsICJob3N0IjogImd5LnlvdWFyZW15Z29kLnRvcCIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlNiBDQS0yMy4xNjIuMjAwLjkxOjIwMTgyIiwgImFkZCI6ICIyMy4xNjIuMjAwLjkxIiwgInBvcnQiOiAyMDE4MiwgImlkIjogImNjOWI2NmI3LTFkZTctNGFhOS05NjQyLTU3NWE4YWUzZmYxOSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNzIuNjcuMTUzLjE1NiIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogInVzd3V4aWFuLnBhaTUwMjg4LnVrIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICJjMzEzNjA2Zi05OGMyLTRkN2ItYmE3NC00OGI5NGY2MWIxMWQiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogODQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTcyLjY3LjE1My4xNTYtMDMwNyIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmYVx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOCBVUy01MS44MS4yMDMuNTc6Mjg4NjAiLCAiYWRkIjogIjUxLjgxLjIwMy41NyIsICJwb3J0IjogMjg4NjAsICJpZCI6ICIxNzg0NDk3ZC0wM2ExLTQwYmItYmI4Yi1kZTRmZmFjN2M1OWMiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogIm5vbmUifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjEuOTQuMTY4IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNjJhYTVmODAtMDMyOC00MDA0LWEzNzUtN2Y1YTU5ZGY0MDIyIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTA0LjIxLjk0LjE2OC03NDQ4IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICIiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYyBTRy02Mi4xNDYuMjMzLjExMjozNjcxMiIsICJhZGQiOiAiNjIuMTQ2LjIzMy4xMTIiLCAicG9ydCI6IDM2NzEyLCAiaWQiOiAiOTI2NmRmNDItMDgzMC00OGMyLTg1MDktNGM1N2IzMGZlMjlkIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNzIuNjcuNzEuMTYwIiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAib2JkaWkuY2ZkIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICIwNTY0MWNmNS01OGQyLTRiYTQtYTlmMS1iM2NkYTBiMWZiMWQiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfj4FSRUxBWS0xNzIuNjcuNzEuMTYwLTc0NzkiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJvYmRpaS5jZmQiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMzguMTQuMTA3LjIyNSIsICJwb3J0IjogMzgwMDMsICJhaWQiOiA2NCwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogInRscyIsICJpZCI6ICI0MTgwNDhhZi1hMjkzLTRiOTktOWIwYy05OGNhMzU4MGRkMjQiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJ3d3cuMjMxNzk3NTMueHl6IiwgInBhdGgiOiAiL3BhdGgvMTgxNzIxMjcyMTE0In0=Country = #United_States(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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 = #France(üá´üá∑)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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 = #France(üá´üá∑)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTU0LjgzLjIuOTAiLCAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywgImFpZCI6IDAsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLCAiaWQiOiAiOTUwZGI2YWEtNDkyNi00NjE2LTgxNmUtZWMwMzEyZGNiODdiIiwgInNuaSI6ICJqYWhma2poYS5jZmQiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJqYWhma2poYS5jZmQiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIn0=Country = #Seychelles(üá∏üá®)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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Country = #France(üá´üá∑)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNzIuNjcuMTMxLjE3IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNjJhYTVmODAtMDMyOC00MDA0LWEzNzUtN2Y1YTU5ZGY0MDIyIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTcyLjY3LjEzMS4xNy03NDM2IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlY1x1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlNyBHQi0xNDkuNy4xNi4xNDk6MzcxMDEiLCAiYWRkIjogIjE0OS43LjE2LjE0OSIsICJwb3J0IjogMzcxMDEsICJpZCI6ICJmYjNmYzI0My00Njk4LTQ5YzQtOGM0NC0wNDE1ZjY4YTRkMjUiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogIm5vbmUifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMTcuMjEzLjU3IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAieG1pdmlkZW8uY2ZkIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICI5M2VhNDg2YS1iYWRhLTQyYTQtYWMzOC1kMDg4YjMyMGZhMWUiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfj4FSRUxBWS0xMDQuMTcuMjEzLjU3LTc0NDMiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJ4bWl2aWRlby5jZmQiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlNiBDQS02Ny4yMjAuOTQuMTM3OjU3MTIzIiwgImFkZCI6ICI2Ny4yMjAuOTQuMTM3IiwgInBvcnQiOiA1NzEyMywgImlkIjogImI0ZDNhODFiLWVjMGUtNGEyNy1hMzU5LTZkZWEwYzRmMWY3NSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmM1x1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmMSBOTC0xODUuMjIxLjIxOS4yMDo0Nzg1NiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTg1LjIyMS4yMTkuMjAiLCAicG9ydCI6IDQ3ODU2LCAiaWQiOiAiMDY1MDE2MTQtMmNkZS00NTg5LWI3NWYtOGRmODk1ZTY1YjNjIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIyMy4xNTguNTYuMTg0IiwiYWlkIjoiMCIsImFscG4iOiIiLCJmcCI6IiIsImhvc3QiOiIiLCJpZCI6IjA0NjIxYmFlLWFiMzYtMTFlYy1iOTA5LTAyNDJhYzEyMDAwMiIsIm5ldCI6InRjcCIsInBhdGgiOiIiLCJwb3J0IjoiMjIzMjQiLCJwcyI6Itqp2KfZhtmB24zaryDZvtix2LPYsdi52Kog2LHYp9uM2q/Yp9mG8J+Mi0B2bWVzYyIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJ0bHMiOiIiLCJ0eXBlIjoibm9uZSIsInYiOiIyIn0=‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚ù• MciFree serviceüëáüëáüëáüëáüëá‚úÖ @vmesc
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTY5LjE1MC4yMDguODMiLCAicG9ydCI6IDE4MDAwLCAiYWlkIjogMCwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAiaWQiOiAiZjhjOGRjM2QtMGQzNy00NmIwLThiMzQtYTcyMzI4ODJmY2ZlIn0=Country = #Sweden(üá∏üá™)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTQ5LjcuMTYuMTQ5IiwgInBvcnQiOiAzNzEwMSwgImlkIjogImZiM2ZjMjQzLTQ2OTgtNDljNC04YzQ0LTA0MTVmNjhhNGQyNSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9Country = #United_Kingdom(üá¨üáß)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiNTcuMTI5LjI0LjE0MSIsICJwb3J0IjogIjQ0MyIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAiaWQiOiAiMDNmY2M2MTgtYjkzZC02Nzk2LTZhZWQtOGEzOGM5NzVkNTgxIiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rdndzIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMifQ==Country = #Germany(üá©üá™)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAidXMydm1lc3Mucm5tY25tLmNvbSIsICJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJwb3J0IjogODAsICJpZCI6ICI3ZjhhMWJiOS1iZWUwLTQwYTgtZjkwOC0yMWE2NWRhMGYzY2MiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLzEyM3F3ZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIn0=Country = #US(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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 = #Germany(üá©üá™)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJQYXJzVmRzLmlyIiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiZ2x3ZWlkZi5zYnMiLAogICAgImlkIjogIjc2MjIxYmZiLWU5MmYtNGU4MC04MWM1LTZmZTQ4ZjUwYWMwYiIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rd3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTEwNC4yMS45NC4xNjgtMTEzOSIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTA0LjIxLjE2LjEiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAiYWxwbiI6ICIiLCAiZnAiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjdmOGExYmI5LWJlZTAtNDBhOC1mOTA4LTIxYTY1ZGEwZjNjYyIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvMTIzcXdlIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiODAiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVdTLU5BIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGZmNFx1MjAwZFx1MjYyMFx1ZmUwZiBOQS0xMDQuMjEuMTYuMTo4MCIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzbmkiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAidHlwZSI6ICItLS0iLCAidiI6ICIyIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIyMy4xNjIuMjAwLjIyNyIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogIiIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiMDNmY2M2MTgtYjkzZC02Nzk2LTZhZWQtOGEzOGM5NzVkNTgxIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt2d3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+HqPCfh6ZDQS0yMy4xNjIuMjAwLjIyNy03NDQ3IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICIiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxODguMTE0Ljk3Ljc5IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAibGluZGUwNi5pbmRpYXZpZGVvLnNicyIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiZWRiYjEwNTktMTYzMy00MjcxLWI2NmUtZWQ0ZmJhNDdhMWJmIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTg4LjExNC45Ny43OS03NDQwIiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAibGluZGUwNi5pbmRpYXZpZGVvLnNicyIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTA0LjIxLjk2LjEiLCAiYWlkIjogMCwgImhvc3QiOiAiZGUwMS5zaC1jbG91ZGZsYXJlLnNicyIsICJpZCI6ICI3NWEwODg1Zi0wY2E1LTQyYTQtODY1MS0zOTFjZjgxOTMxNTQiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsICJwb3J0IjogMjA5NiwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGQxMiBWTS1XUy1UTFMgXHVkODNjXHVkZmY0XHUyMDBkXHUyNjIwXHVmZTBmIE5BLTEwNC4yMS45Ni4xOjIwOTYiLCAidGxzIjogInRscyIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwgInNuaSI6ICJkZTAxLnNoLWNsb3VkZmxhcmUuc2JzIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjoiMiIsInBzIjoiRC1GQUlUSC02MjI3IiwiYWRkIjoiMTY3LjcxLjI1MC4xMTUiLCJwb3J0IjoiODg4MSIsImlkIjoiZGI1YWZhZTQtYWMyMy00MWE2LTgzNzgtZjMwN2E5YTQ3NDM2IiwiYWlkIjoiMCIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJuZXQiOiJ0Y3AiLCJ0eXBlIjoiaHR0cCIsImhvc3QiOiJtb2kuaXIiLCJwYXRoIjoiLyIsInRscyI6Im5vbmUiLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJhbHBuIjoiIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess: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 = #Moldova(üá≤üá©)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYyBTRy0xNTQuMjYuMTM3LjQyOjQ0MTA0IiwgImFkZCI6ICIxNTQuMjYuMTM3LjQyIiwgInBvcnQiOiA0NDEwNCwgImlkIjogImU5OTMzYTRjLWU1NmUtNDU4Yy1iY2Y0LTljYjM4NzViYmE1NSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmM1x1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmMSBOTC0xNzIuOTkuMTg4LjE5MDo0NzkyNSIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTcyLjk5LjE4OC4xOTAiLCAicG9ydCI6IDQ3OTI1LCAiaWQiOiAiZjU4ZmZkYTItM2VmYy00OWE1LTkwNDctZjhjMmY5M2M1NzVkIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYlx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmNyBGUi0zOC4xMDkuMjI4LjE2MzoyNzA2MCIsICJhZGQiOiAiMzguMTA5LjIyOC4xNjMiLCAicG9ydCI6IDI3MDYwLCAiaWQiOiAiNzFkYTQwYjktYzIwZS00YTZlLTgwY2ItYzgxNDFmNjkzNTI2IiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNTIuNjcuMjUxLjIzMiIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogImlydmlkZW8uY2ZkIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICJlNTM3ZjJmNS0yYTBjLTRmNTktOTJjOS04MzJjYTY0MzNiZjMiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfh7rwn4e4VVMtMTUyLjY3LjI1MS4yMzItNzQzNSIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogZmFsc2UsCiAgICAic25pIjogImlydmlkZW8uY2ZkIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiJhbGlwLmNvbSIsImFpZCI6IjAiLCJhbHBuIjoiIiwiZnAiOiIiLCJob3N0IjoiIiwiaWQiOiJiNGMxZGQ2Mi1mMGRkLTRhNmYtOGU4NS1lNDI5M2EzMzgxODciLCJuZXQiOiJ0Y3AiLCJwYXRoIjoiIiwicG9ydCI6Ijg2NDMiLCJwcyI6Ilvwn4+BXXQubWUvQ29uZmlnc0h1YiIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJ0bHMiOiIiLCJ0eXBlIjoibm9uZSIsInYiOiIyIn0=œü ·¥õ·¥á ú Ä·¥Ä…¥ œü Íú± ú…™ Ä·¥Ä·¥¢ œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü ·¥ã·¥Ä Ä·¥Ä·¥ä œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: # ô Ä…™·¥õ…™s ú·¥†…™ Ä…¢…™…¥…™s ü·¥Ä…¥·¥Ös(·¥†…¢)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiNjUuMTA5LjE5Mi4yNDQiLCAicG9ydCI6IDI5ODc4LCAiaWQiOiAiNDJjZjZhMmEtZmM1Yy00MjJjLTg4YzQtYzJjZTE3MmEyMWE2IiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=Country = #Finland(üá´üáÆ)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiNDYuMjkuMTY2LjIzNyIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJhbHBuIjogIiIsICJmcCI6ICIiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICIiLCAiaWQiOiAiMGM0OWNkMTktMjc1OC00ZDM4LWU2YTgtMTFmMmQ2NjM1ODYwIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIiLCAicG9ydCI6ICI0NzU1NSIsICJwcyI6ICJcdWQ4M2RcdWRmZTNcdWQ4M2RcdWRkMjUrXHUwNmE5XHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2XHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ0K1x1MDYzM1x1MDYzMVx1MDY0OFx1MDYzMStcdTA2MzFcdTA2MjdcdTA2Y2NcdTA2YWZcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDYrQEZhcmFoVlBOIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNuaSI6ICIiLCAidGxzIjogIiIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidiI6ICIyIn0=Country = #Russia(üá∑üá∫)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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Country = #Poland(üáµüá±)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAicHEtYnJhemlsMS4wOXZwbi5jb20iLCAicG9ydCI6ICI4MCIsICJpZCI6ICJjMDRjM2IzNC03MGZkLTRmZWMtOTYzZS1jMTJkMDlmMzZiZWYiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgImhvc3QiOiAicHEtYnJhemlsMS4wOXZwbi5jb20iLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvdm1lc3MvIn0=Country = #Brazil(üáßüá∑)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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Country = #Spain(üá™üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiNjUuMTA5LjE5Mi4yNDQiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAiYWxwbiI6ICIiLCAiZnAiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjg3MGFhZGZmLTNlYWMtNGQ5Zi1hMjFhLWMxYTAxNjY0YThjOCIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiNTI2MzUiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzbmkiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ2IjogIjIifQ==Country = #Finland(üá´üáÆ)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxODguMTE0Ljk5LjE4MyIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogImxpbmRlMDYuaW5kaWF2aWRlby5zYnMiLAogICAgImlkIjogImVkYmIxMDU5LTE2MzMtNDI3MS1iNjZlLWVkNGZiYTQ3YTFiZiIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rd3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTE4OC4xMTQuOTkuMTgzLTc0MjAiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJsaW5kZTA2LmluZGlhdmlkZW8uc2JzIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYyBTRy02Mi4xNDYuMjMyLjE1Nzo1Mjg1NiIsICJhZGQiOiAiNjIuMTQ2LjIzMi4xNTciLCAicG9ydCI6IDUyODU2LCAiaWQiOiAiZWQ1NGUzODgtYmZjNS00YjM2LWFlNGQtOGIzY2Q0NjBkM2Q0IiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIiwgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjEuOTQuMTY4IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNjJhYTVmODAtMDMyOC00MDA0LWEzNzUtN2Y1YTU5ZGY0MDIyIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTA0LjIxLjk0LjE2OC03NDU5IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICIiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess: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Country = #United_States(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIzOC4xNC4xMDcuMjI1IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiA2NCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogInd3dy4yMzE3OTc1My54eXoiLAogICAgImlkIjogIjQxODA0OGFmLWEyOTMtNGI5OS05YjBjLTk4Y2EzNTgwZGQyNCIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9wYXRoLzE4MTcyMTI3MjExNCIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDM4MDAzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfh7rwn4e4VVMtMzguMTQuMTA3LjIyNS03NDk4IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICIiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjEuMTguMjI3IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiamFoZmtqaGEuY2ZkIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICI5NTBkYjZhYS00OTI2LTQ2MTYtODE2ZS1lYzAzMTJkY2I4N2IiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfj4FSRUxBWS0xMDQuMjEuMTguMjI3LTc1MjAiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsCiAgICAic25pIjogIiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjoiMiIsInBzIjoiRC1GT1gtMjA4OCIsImFkZCI6IjEzOC4xOTcuMS4yMjIiLCJwb3J0IjoiODg4MSIsImlkIjoiZGI1YWZhZTQtYWMyMy00MWE2LTgzNzgtZjMwN2E5YTQ3NDM2IiwiYWlkIjoiMCIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJuZXQiOiJ0Y3AiLCJ0eXBlIjoiaHR0cCIsImhvc3QiOiJtb2kuaXIiLCJwYXRoIjoiLyIsInRscyI6Im5vbmUiLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJhbHBuIjoiIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxODUuMTQ2LjE3My4xNTgiLCJhaWQiOiIwIiwiYWxwbiI6IiIsImZwIjoiIiwiaG9zdCI6ImphaGZramhhLmNmZCIsImlkIjoiOTUwZGI2YWEtNDkyNi00NjE2LTgxNmUtZWMwMzEyZGNiODdiIiwibmV0Ijoid3MiLCJwYXRoIjoiL2xpbmt3cyIsInBvcnQiOiI0NDMiLCJwcyI6Ilvwn4e48J+Hql10Lm1lL0NvbmZpZ3NIdWIiLCJzY3kiOiJhdXRvIiwic25pIjoiamFoZmtqaGEuY2ZkIiwidGxzIjoidGxzIiwidHlwZSI6IiIsInYiOiIyIn0=œü ·¥õ·¥á ú Ä·¥Ä…¥ œü Íú± ú…™ Ä·¥Ä·¥¢ œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü ·¥ã·¥Ä Ä·¥Ä·¥ä œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #s·¥°·¥á·¥Ö·¥á…¥(s·¥á)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiczIuZGItbGluazAyLnRvcCIsICJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJwb3J0IjogODA4MCwgImlkIjogIjRiMzY2MjVjLWI5ZDktM2VhNi1hZWQ1LTg2ZDYyYzcwZTE2ZCIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAidHlwZSI6ICIiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICIxMDAtMTE5LTE1MS0yNDguczIuZGItbGluazAyLnRvcCIsICJwYXRoIjogIi9kYWJhaS5pbjE3Mi42NC40MS4xNTAiLCAidGxzIjogIiJ9Country = #US(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTcyLjk5LjE4OC4xOTAiLCAicG9ydCI6IDQ3OTI1LCAiaWQiOiAiZjU4ZmZkYTItM2VmYy00OWE1LTkwNDctZjhjMmY5M2M1NzVkIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=Country = #The_Netherlands(üá≥üá±)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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Country = #Canada(üá®üá¶)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiNTcuMTI5LjI4LjY5IiwgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsICJhaWQiOiAwLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwgImlkIjogIjAzZmNjNjE4LWI5M2QtNjc5Ni02YWVkLThhMzhjOTc1ZDU4MSIsICJzbmkiOiAid3JtZWxtd3hsZi5na3RldmxycXpud3Fxb3p5LmZhYnBmczY2Z2l6bW5vamhjdnF4d2wua3l0cmNmenFsYTg3Z3ZndnM2Yzdram5ydWJ1aC5jYyIsICJob3N0IjogImJhcmFkaWhhLmNvbSIsICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rdndzIn0=Country = #Germany(üá©üá™)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTcwLjExNC40NS41MiIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJhbHBuIjogIiIsICJmcCI6ICIiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJ1c3RvdWNqam5pZDE4c2o2dXMubG92ZWJhaXBpYW8uY29tIiwgImlkIjogIjkxOTliZjc4LTg3NjItNGVjNS05YjdmLTA3Mzk2YjcxZTlkNCIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiMjA4NiIsICJwcyI6ICJcdWQ4M2RcdWRkMTIgVk0tV1MtTkEgXHVkODNjXHVkZGZhXHVkODNjXHVkZGY4IFVTLTE3MC4xMTQuNDUuNTI6MjA4NiIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzbmkiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAidHlwZSI6ICIiLCAidiI6ICIyIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess: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ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMzcuMjcuMTgyLjEwOSIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJob3N0IjogIiIsICJpZCI6ICJiM2E2NDM1Yi1mZWFlLTQxZjQtYTZiOC1jZjNjMDllNTM2ZTEiLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJwYXRoIjogIiIsICJwb3J0IjogMzM3OCwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGQxMiBWTS1UQ1AtTk9ORSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZWJcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZWUgRkktMzcuMjcuMTgyLjEwOTozMzc4IiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiIiwgInYiOiAiMiJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxODguMTE0Ljk3Ljc5IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAibGluZGUwNi5pbmRpYXZpZGVvLnNicyIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiZWRiYjEwNTktMTYzMy00MjcxLWI2NmUtZWQ0ZmJhNDdhMWJmIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTg4LjExNC45Ny43OS03NTE3IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAibGluZGUwNi5pbmRpYXZpZGVvLnNicyIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTA0LjIxLjgyLjE4MyIsICJhaWQiOiAwLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJzZXJ2ZXIyNi5iZWhlc2h0YmFuZWguY29tIiwgImlkIjogIjVhNzAyMWUwLTI2YjQtNDVkNi1iMTc1LWZlNTUxNjAxY2E5NyIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgInBvcnQiOiA4ODgwLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVdTLU5BIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGZmNFx1MjAwZFx1MjYyMFx1ZmUwZiBOQS0xMDQuMjEuODIuMTgzOjg4ODAiLCAidGxzIjogIiIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwgInNuaSI6ICIifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjEuOTQuMTY4IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNjJhYTVmODAtMDMyOC00MDA0LWEzNzUtN2Y1YTU5ZGY0MDIyIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTA0LjIxLjk0LjE2OC03NTUwIiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICIiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess: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 = #The_Netherlands(üá≥üá±)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJ1czAxLnNoLWNsb3VkZmxhcmUuc2JzIiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAidXMwMS5zaC1jbG91ZGZsYXJlLnNicyIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiOTE0NTg0ZWUtMzUxNS00NmFjLWEwOWQtNDY3N2EyZTlkYzlhIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDg0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTEwNC4yMS4zMi4xLTA3NjQiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJ1czAxLnNoLWNsb3VkZmxhcmUuc2JzIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlZVx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmMyBJTi05NC4xMzYuMTg0LjE1NTozOTI1MyIsICJhZGQiOiAiOTQuMTM2LjE4NC4xNTUiLCAicG9ydCI6IDM5MjUzLCAiaWQiOiAiNjliNDlhMzUtY2Y1NS00ZDE0LTlmMmItZDdjZTNhMGRiNzJlIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmYVx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOCBVUy0xNS4yMDQuMjQ4LjkyOjMwNTYyIiwgImFkZCI6ICIxNS4yMDQuMjQ4LjkyIiwgInBvcnQiOiAzMDU2MiwgImlkIjogIjgyNDY2NzE1LTZhNTgtNDA0Ni1hMzYzLWEwZDE4ZTViMmFiNCIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAidXN3dXhpYW4ucGFpNTAyODgudWsiLCAidiI6ICIyIiwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGZlM1x1ZDgzZFx1ZGQyNStcdTA2YTlcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDZcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDQrXHUwNjMzXHUwNjMxXHUwNjQ4XHUwNjMxK1x1MDYzMVx1MDYyN1x1MDZjY1x1MDZhZlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NitARmFyYWhWUE4iLCAicG9ydCI6IDg0NDMsICJpZCI6ICJjMzEzNjA2Zi05OGMyLTRkN2ItYmE3NC00OGI5NGY2MWIxMWQiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAidXN3dXhpYW4ucGFpNTAyODgudWsiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMifQ==Country = #US(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTcyLjk5LjE4OC41NSIsICJwb3J0IjogMTcyODQsICJpZCI6ICJlNGVmZTEyZC05N2MwLTRmZDctYmZkNC0wNjlmZjA0ZThkNDQiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogIm5vbmUifQ==Country = #The_Netherlands(üá≥üá±)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiODguMTk4LjE3Mi4yNSIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJhbHBuIjogIiIsICJmcCI6ICIiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICIiLCAiaWQiOiAiZTdlYjQ3MmUtZGM4My00OWQ1LWJlNWUtODJhNzlhMjEyNGVlIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJncnBjIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiSmJpQjhWNjZWNzhIZjViaXZmc2lzOHZIIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiMTUxNDUiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLUdSUEMtTkEgXHVkODNjXHVkZGU5XHVkODNjXHVkZGVhIERFLTg4LjE5OC4xNzIuMjU6MTUxNDUiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAic25pIjogIiIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiZ3VuIiwgInYiOiAiMiJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMjMuMTYyLjIwMC45MSIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJob3N0IjogIiIsICJpZCI6ICJjYzliNjZiNy0xZGU3LTRhYTktOTY0Mi01NzVhOGFlM2ZmMTkiLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJwYXRoIjogIiIsICJwb3J0IjogIjIwMTgyIiwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGQxMiBWTS1UQ1AtTkEgXHVkODNjXHVkZGU4XHVkODNjXHVkZGU2IENBLTIzLjE2Mi4yMDAuOTE6MjAxODIiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAic25pIjogIiIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiIiwgInYiOiAiMiJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNzIuNjcuMTYxLjc3IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAibGluZGUwNi5pbmRpYXZpZGVvLnNicyIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiZWRiYjEwNTktMTYzMy00MjcxLWI2NmUtZWQ0ZmJhNDdhMWJmIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTcyLjY3LjE2MS43Ny03NTYyIiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAibGluZGUwNi5pbmRpYXZpZGVvLnNicyIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICI2YThlMGNhMi1zdWN2NDAtdDgybzV0LWxidzUuaGsucDVwdi5jb20iLAogICAgImFpZCI6IDIsCiAgICAiaG9zdCI6ICJicm9hZGNhc3Rsdi5jaGF0LmJpbGliaWxpLmNvbSIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiMGU1MTFmNTAtNzkzZi0xMWVhLWI4NzMtZjIzYzkxY2ZiYmM5IiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDgwLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfh63wn4ewSEstMS42NS4yMTguMTI5LTA5MTciLAogICAgInRscyI6ICIiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsCiAgICAic25pIjogIiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJzMi5kYi1saW5rMDEudG9wIiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiMTAwLTEzMC0xMzYtNTAuczIuZGItbGluazAxLnRvcCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNGIzNjYyNWMtYjlkOS0zZWE2LWFlZDUtODZkNjJjNzBlMTZkIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2RhYmFpLmluMTA0LjIxLjEzMy4xMiIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDIwOTUsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTEwNC4xNy4yMTMuMjQxLTA4OTEiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICIiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsCiAgICAic25pIjogIiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJueTEtZGFzaC44OTA2OTkueHl6IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAibnkxLWRhc2guODkwNjk5Lnh5eiIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNjU4Yjg3ZTAtNWQ5Mi00NDI0LWQzNDQtYzE2N2FjZDZhNzdmIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL255MS1zdWIuODkwNjk5Lnh5eiIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDIwOTYsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTEwNC4yMS4zMi4xLTU2OTYiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJueTEtc3ViLjg5MDY5OS54eXoiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiI0Ni4yOS4xNjYuMjM3IiwiYWlkIjoiMCIsImFscG4iOiIiLCJmcCI6IiIsImhvc3QiOiIiLCJpZCI6IjBjNDljZDE5LTI3NTgtNGQzOC1lNmE4LTExZjJkNjYzNTg2MCIsIm5ldCI6InRjcCIsInBhdGgiOiIiLCJwb3J0IjoiNDc1NTUiLCJwcyI6Itiz2LHZiNixINix2KfbjNqv2KfZhiDZvtix2LPYsdi52Krwn4yKIEB2bWVzc19pciIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJ0bHMiOiIiLCJ0eXBlIjoibm9uZSIsInYiOiIyIn0=ŸÖÿÆÿµŸàÿµ ÿß€åÿ±ÿßŸÜÿ≥ŸÑ Ÿà ÿ±ÿß€åÿ™ŸÑ‚úÖÿ≠ÿ™ŸÖÿß ÿ®Ÿá ÿßÿ¥ÿ™ÿ±ÿß⁄© ÿ®ÿ≤ÿßÿ±€åÿØ ‚úÖ@vmess_irüöÄüöÄüí¨üí¨üí¨üì∑üì∑üí¨üì∫üì∫üí¨üòçÿØÿ± ÿµŸàÿ±ÿ™ ÿßÿ™ÿµÿßŸÑ ÿ≠ÿ™ŸÖÿß ÿØÿ± ÿ±€å⁄©ÿ¥ŸÜ Ÿáÿß ÿ¥ÿ±⁄©ÿ™ ⁄©ŸÜ€åÿØüòç
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxMDcuMTQ4LjIwNy4yNDkiLCJhaWQiOiIwIiwiYWxwbiI6IiIsImZwIjoiIiwiaG9zdCI6ImFwcHN2cy5zaG9wIiwiaWQiOiI0MTgwNDhhZi1hMjkzLTRiOTktOWIwYy05OGNhMzU4MGRkMjQiLCJuZXQiOiJ0Y3AiLCJwYXRoIjoiLyIsInBvcnQiOiI0ODcxMiIsInBzIjoiW/Cfh7rwn4e4XXQubWUvQ29uZmlnc0h1YiIsImlkIjoiNDE4MDQ4YWYtYTI5My00Yjk5LTliMGMtOThjYTM1ODBkZDI0IiwibmV0IjoidGNwIiwicGF0aCI6Ii8iLCJwb3J0IjoiNDg3MTIiLCJwcyI6IldpRmktQFYycmF5X0FscGhhLTE0Iiwic2N5IjoiYXV0byIsInNuaSI6IiIsInRscyI6IiIsInR5cGUiOiJub25lIiwidiI6IjIifQ==œü ·¥õ·¥á ú Ä·¥Ä…¥ œü Íú± ú…™ Ä·¥Ä·¥¢ œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü ·¥ã·¥Ä Ä·¥Ä·¥ä œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #·¥ú…¥…™·¥õ·¥á·¥Ös·¥õ·¥Ä·¥õ·¥ás(·¥ús)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxODYuMTkwLjIxNS45MyIsImFpZCI6IjAiLCJhbHBuIjoiIiwiZnAiOiIiLCJob3N0IjoiIiwiaWQiOiIwNDYyMWJhZS1hYjM2LTExZWMtYjkwOS0wMjQyYWMxMjAwMDIiLCJuZXQiOiJ0Y3AiLCJwYXRoIjoiIiwicG9ydCI6IjIyMzI0IiwicHMiOiJb8J+PgV10Lm1lL0NvbmZpZ3NIdWIiLCJzY3kiOiJhdXRvIiwic25pIjoiIiwidGxzIjoiIiwidHlwZSI6Im5vbmUiLCJ2IjoiMiJ9œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #s·¥°…™·¥õ·¥¢·¥á Ä ü·¥Ä…¥·¥Ö(·¥Ñ ú)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIyMy4xNTguNTYuMjEiLCJhaWQiOiIwIiwiYWxwbiI6IiIsImZwIjoiIiwiaG9zdCI6IiIsImlkIjoiNmVlZjM0NDgtYmJjMC00OTMzLTg5NGEtNzJiM2U4Nzg2MTA5IiwibmV0IjoidGNwIiwicGF0aCI6IiIsInBvcnQiOiI0ODk2MSIsInBzIjoiW/Cfh6nwn4eqXXQubWUvQ29uZmlnc0h1YiIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJ0bHMiOiIiLCJ0eXBlIjoibm9uZSIsInYiOiIyIn0=œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #…¢·¥á Ä·¥ç·¥Ä…¥ è(·¥Ö·¥á)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiNTEuNzkuMTAyLjI1MyIsICJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJwb3J0IjogODAsICJpZCI6ICI1OGZlMTU0Mi01MjkwLTQwYWQtODE1YS03NzcwN2E4MWFmZTUiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiL0lPZWJoTE1obDFDVGJGSGJMOTVteWZSWDIiLCAidGxzIjogIiJ9Country = #Canada(üá®üá¶)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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Country = #Germany(üá©üá™)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAidXN3dXhpYW4ucGFpNTAyODgudWsiLCAidiI6ICIyIiwgInBvcnQiOiA4NDQzLCAiaWQiOiAiYzMxMzYwNmYtOThjMi00ZDdiLWJhNzQtNDhiOTRmNjFiMTFkIiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsICJ0eXBlIjogIiIsICJob3N0IjogInVzd3V4aWFuLnBhaTUwMjg4LnVrIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGZlM1x1ZDgzZFx1ZGQyNStcdTA2YTlcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDZcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDQrXHUwNjMzXHUwNjMxXHUwNjQ4XHUwNjMxK1x1MDYzMVx1MDYyN1x1MDZjY1x1MDZhZlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NitARmFyYWhWUE4ifQ==Country = #US(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYlx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmNyBGUi0zOC4xMDkuMjI4LjIxNDoxNDg1NCIsICJhZGQiOiAiMzguMTA5LjIyOC4yMTQiLCAicG9ydCI6IDE0ODU0LCAiaWQiOiAiZjBhMjE0YmEtMmE0Zi00ZjIyLWIzNDItMDMxMjM3MjZhYjI3IiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxODguMTE0Ljk5LjE4MyIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogImxpbmRlMDYuaW5kaWF2aWRlby5zYnMiLAogICAgImlkIjogImVkYmIxMDU5LTE2MzMtNDI3MS1iNjZlLWVkNGZiYTQ3YTFiZiIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rd3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTE4OC4xMTQuOTkuMTgzLTc1NDMiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJsaW5kZTA2LmluZGlhdmlkZW8uc2JzIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJmazItYmFzaC44OTA2MTcueHl6IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiZmsyLWJhc2guODkwNjE3Lnh5eiIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiZmVkZGMzMjYtZGE3MC00ZmFiLTk1YTktOGY5OGJlNmRhNjMzIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2ZrMi0xIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogMjA4NywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTcyLjY3LjE1OS41Ni01NjI0IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiZmsyLWJhc2guODkwNjE3Lnh5eiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICI1MS43Ny4yMC4xMzciLAogICAgImFpZCI6IDAsCiAgICAiaG9zdCI6ICJ0aWxlYmFuaS5jb20iLAogICAgImlkIjogIjAzZmNjNjE4LWI5M2QtNjc5Ni02YWVkLThhMzhjOTc1ZDU4MSIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rdndzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfh6vwn4e3RlItNTEuNzcuMjAuMTM3LTc1NzkiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsCiAgICAic25pIjogIiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxMDQuMTkuMTUwLjEwIiwiYWlkIjoiMCIsImFscG4iOiIiLCJmcCI6IiIsImhvc3QiOiJtY2kubXRuLmlyLmNvbS5vcmcubmV0Lm9tMi5tdXNpY2ZhMTIzLmlyLiIsImlkIjoiOTRmMzMyYjAtYzVkMy00NTMxLWExZDYtNmU2MzU4Y2M2YzcyIiwibmV0IjoiaHR0cHVwZ3JhZGUiLCJwYXRoIjoiL2QzZDNMbWx5WVc1b2IzTjBMbU52YlFcdTAwM2RcdTAwM2Q/ZWRcdTAwM2QyNTYwIiwicG9ydCI6IjIwOTUiLCJwcyI6Itqp2KfZhtmB24zaryDZvtix2LPYsdi52Kog2LHYp9uM2q/Yp9mG8J+Mi0B2bWVzYyIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJ0bHMiOiIiLCJ0eXBlIjoiLS0tIiwidiI6IjIifQ==‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚ù• MtnFree serviceüëáüëáüëáüëáüëá‚úÖ @vmesc
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxNDYuMTkuMTY4LjE2MSIsImFpZCI6IjAiLCJhbHBuIjoiIiwiZnAiOiJjaHJvbWUiLCJob3N0IjoiYXowNS5iZXlvbmR5LmNmZCIsImlkIjoiM2Y2MzhmMzQtOGRiYS00MTg2LWJjNDMtMjcxNmE3ZGRkNGJlIiwibmV0Ijoid3MiLCJwYXRoIjoiL2xpbmsiLCJwb3J0IjoiNDQzIiwicHMiOiJb8J+Hq/Cfh7dddC5tZS9Db25maWdzSHViIiwic2N5IjoiYXV0byIsInNuaSI6ImF6MDUuYmV5b25keS5jZmQiLCJ0bHMiOiJ0bHMiLCJ0eXBlIjoiIiwidiI6IjIifQ==œü ·¥õ·¥á ú Ä·¥Ä…¥ œü Íú± ú…™ Ä·¥Ä·¥¢ œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü ·¥ã·¥Ä Ä·¥Ä·¥ä œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #“ì Ä·¥Ä…¥·¥Ñ·¥á(“ì Ä)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess: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Country = #China(üá®üá≥)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiNjcuMjIwLjk0LjEzNyIsICJwb3J0IjogNTcxMjMsICJpZCI6ICJiNGQzYTgxYi1lYzBlLTRhMjctYTM1OS02ZGVhMGM0ZjFmNzUiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogIm5vbmUifQ==Country = #Canada(üá®üá¶)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlOVx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYSBERS0xOTMuMTA4LjExOC4xMzY6MTU3MTMiLCAiYWRkIjogIjE5My4xMDguMTE4LjEzNiIsICJwb3J0IjogMTU3MTMsICJpZCI6ICJmNzRlMjc3ZS04NGIzLTQ2YTItOGFiZC0yNzc3ZmE1ZTRhZjkiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogIm5vbmUifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMzQuMTk1LjE5OC4xNDciLAogICAgImFpZCI6IDAsCiAgICAiaG9zdCI6ICJpbm5hLmNmZCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiMDNmY2M2MTgtYjkzZC02Nzk2LTZhZWQtOGEzOGM5NzVkNTgxIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt2d3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+HqPCfh6ZDQS0xMzQuMTk1LjE5OC4xNDctNzUyOCIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNzIuNjcuMTg5LjI3IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAibnkyLXN1Yi45MzAucHAudWEiLAogICAgImlkIjogImYwODJlZWNhLWUwNjgtNDVmOS1kMWJmLTQ2ZTlkZTliZGY1NyIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9ueTItc3ViLjkzMC5wcC51YSIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDIwNTMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTE3Mi42Ny4xODkuMjctMDgxMiIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogZmFsc2UsCiAgICAic25pIjogIm55Mi1zdWIuOTMwLnBwLnVhIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYyBTRy02Mi4xNDYuMjMzLjc5OjQ0MTI3IiwgImFkZCI6ICI2Mi4xNDYuMjMzLjc5IiwgInBvcnQiOiA0NDEyNywgImlkIjogImFlMGZhODIyLTU4YmItNDgzZi05YWY1LWQ0MTdkOGMyM2IyMSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OQSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZjhcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZWEgU0UtMTY5LjE1MC4yMDguODM6MTgwMDAiLCAiYWRkIjogIjE2OS4xNTAuMjA4LjgzIiwgInBvcnQiOiAxODAwMCwgImFpZCI6IDAsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogImY4YzhkYzNkLTBkMzctNDZiMC04YjM0LWE3MjMyODgyZmNmZSJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTAzLjY3Ljc5LjE1NyIsICJwb3J0IjogNDUzNjUsICJpZCI6ICI3ZDJhNGU2Ni0xNTJjLTQ5ZjUtOWZmNS1jMTlhODM2ZThjODkiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogIm5vbmUifQ==Country = #Indonesia(üáÆüá©)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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Country = #The_Netherlands(üá≥üá±)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJiZTRhYzAzYy1zdW00ZzAtc3gxY3h4LTF0ZmprLnN2LnBsZWJhaS5uZXQiLAogICAgImFpZCI6IDIsCiAgICAiaG9zdCI6ICJicm9hZGNhc3Rsdi5jaGF0LmJpbGliaWxpLmNvbSIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNDkzOTZkOTgtZjRiNC0xMWVmLThjM2YtZjIzYzkxM2M4ZDJiIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDgwLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfh7rwn4e4VVMtMTk4LjIuMjQzLjUxLTA5MTYiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICIiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsCiAgICAic25pIjogIiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess: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ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJobXMyNi54cGVuZ21vdG9ycy5zYnMiLAogICAgImFpZCI6IDAsCiAgICAiaG9zdCI6ICJobXMyNi54cGVuZ21vdG9ycy5zYnMiLAogICAgImlkIjogImZiMGEyZGU2LWJmMDYtNGZmMC05N2NlLWMyMWFiY2RjMmQ1NSIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rd3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+Hq/Cfh7dGUi00NS4xNDUuMTY2LjIwOS01NTA3IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiaG1zMjYueHBlbmdtb3RvcnMuc2JzIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlNlx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmYSBBVS0xNTQuMjYuMTUzLjE2MToyMTc1OSIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTU0LjI2LjE1My4xNjEiLCAicG9ydCI6IDIxNzU5LCAiaWQiOiAiZTVmMTZmYWQtZjljMy00NTJiLThlNzEtYmM5NTA0ZTI5ZmM5IiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIiwgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIzOC4xNC4xMDcuMjI2IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiA2NCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogIiIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNDE4MDQ4YWYtYTI5My00Yjk5LTliMGMtOThjYTM1ODBkZDI0IiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL3BhdGgvMzQwNDM0MTMwMDMyIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogMzgwMDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+HuvCfh7hVUy0zOC4xNC4xMDcuMjI2LTU1MDMiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsCiAgICAic25pIjogIiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjEuMTguMjI3IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiamFoZmtqaGEuY2ZkIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICI5NTBkYjZhYS00OTI2LTQ2MTYtODE2ZS1lYzAzMTJkY2I4N2IiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfj4FSRUxBWS0xMDQuMjEuMTguMjI3LTc1NjEiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsCiAgICAic25pIjogIiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIwNmU2YjA3NS1zdW00ZzAtc3gxY3h4LTF0ZmprLmhrMy5wNXB2LmNvbSIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMiwKICAgICJob3N0IjogImJyb2FkY2FzdGx2LmNoYXQuYmlsaWJpbGkuY29tIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICI0OTM5NmQ5OC1mNGI0LTExZWYtOGMzZi1mMjNjOTEzYzhkMmIiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogODAsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+HrfCfh7BISy0xLjY1LjIwOC4xMjgtMjM0MSIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogIiIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAiYWRkIjogIjYyLjE0Ni4yMzIuMTUyIiwgInBvcnQiOiAzMzA2NCwgImlkIjogIjk0MmQ1NmU0LWNmNzItNGE3YS1hODdjLWY1NTVhMjcwZDc5YSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSIsICJwcyI6ICJcdWQ4M2RcdWRmZTNcdWQ4M2RcdWRkMjUrXHUwNmE5XHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2XHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ0K1x1MDYzM1x1MDYzMVx1MDY0OFx1MDYzMStcdTA2MzFcdTA2MjdcdTA2Y2NcdTA2YWZcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDYrQEZhcmFoVlBOIn0=Country = #Singapore(üá∏üá¨)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJobXMxOS5iZXN0LXRpemkudG9wIiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNjJhYTVmODAtMDMyOC00MDA0LWEzNzUtN2Y1YTU5ZGY0MDIyIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4ep8J+HqkRFLTkxLjE5NS4yNDAuMTItNzYwNyIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogZmFsc2UsCiAgICAic25pIjogImhtczE5LmJlc3QtdGl6aS50b3AiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJsb24yLWRhc2guOTMwLnBwLnVhIiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAibG9uMi1kYXNoLjkzMC5wcC51YSIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiYmM4NmY5NDktNzE1Mi00MzY3LTkyZjUtN2ExMWVhY2Y5YzliIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xvbjItc3ViLjkzMC5wcC51YSIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDIwOTYsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTEwNC4yMS41Ny4zOC01NTg1IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAibG9uMi1zdWIuOTMwLnBwLnVhIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxMDMuMTQ5LjE4My4xNzgiLCJhaWQiOiIwIiwiYWxwbiI6IiIsImZwIjoiIiwiaG9zdCI6IiIsImlkIjoiM2E5MDc5NTYtZjY2OC00ZTZiLWVhMDMtMDk0OWYwYzljMGE1IiwibmV0IjoidGNwIiwicGF0aCI6IiIsInBvcnQiOiI1NDY3NSIsInBzIjoi2LPYsdmI2LEg2LHYp9uM2q/Yp9mGINm+2LHYs9ix2LnYqvCfjIogQHZtZXNzX2lyIiwic2N5IjoiYXV0byIsInNuaSI6IiIsInRscyI6IiIsInR5cGUiOiJub25lIiwidiI6IjIifQ==ŸÖÿÆÿµŸàÿµ ŸáŸÖÿ±ÿßŸá ÿßŸàŸÑ Ÿà Ÿàÿß€åŸÅÿß€å‚úÖÿ≠ÿ™ŸÖÿß ÿ®Ÿá ÿßÿ¥ÿ™ÿ±ÿß⁄© ÿ®ÿ≤ÿßÿ±€åÿØ ‚úÖ@vmess_irüöÄüöÄüí¨üí¨üí¨üì∑üì∑üí¨üì∫üì∫üí¨üòçÿØÿ± ÿµŸàÿ±ÿ™ ÿßÿ™ÿµÿßŸÑ ÿ≠ÿ™ŸÖÿß ÿØÿ± ÿ±€å⁄©ÿ¥ŸÜ Ÿáÿß ÿ¥ÿ±⁄©ÿ™ ⁄©ŸÜ€åÿØüòç
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxODguMTE0Ljk3LjYiLCJhaWQiOiIwIiwiYWxwbiI6IiIsImhvc3QiOiJsaW5kZTA2LmluZGlhdmlkZW8uc2JzIiwiaWQiOiJlZGJiMTA1OS0xNjMzLTQyNzEtYjY2ZS1lZDRmYmE0N2ExYmYiLCJuZXQiOiJ3cyIsInBhdGgiOiIvbGlua3dzIiwicG9ydCI6IjQ0MyIsInBzIjoiW/Cfh6jwn4emXXQubWUvQ29uZmlnc0h1YiIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJzbmkiOiJsaW5kZTA2LmluZGlhdmlkZW8uc2JzIiwidGxzIjoidGxzIiwidHlwZSI6IiIsInYiOiIyIn0=œü ·¥õ·¥á ú Ä·¥Ä…¥ œü Íú± ú…™ Ä·¥Ä·¥¢ œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü ·¥ã·¥Ä Ä·¥Ä·¥ä œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #·¥Ñ·¥Ä…¥·¥Ä·¥Ö·¥Ä(·¥Ñ·¥Ä)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAidjkuaGVkdWlhbi5saW5rIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiMzA4MDkiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgImlkIjogImNiYjNmODc3LWQxZmItMzQ0Yy04N2E5LWQxNTNiZmZkNTQ4NCIsICJhaWQiOiAiMiIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvb29vbyIsICJob3N0IjogImJhaWR1LmNvbSIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIn0=Country = #China(üá®üá≥)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTA0LjIxLjExMi4xIiwgInYiOiAiMiIsICJwcyI6ICJcdWQ4M2RcdWRmZTNcdWQ4M2RcdWRkMjUrXHUwNmE5XHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2XHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ0K1x1MDYzM1x1MDYzMVx1MDY0OFx1MDYzMStcdTA2MzFcdTA2MjdcdTA2Y2NcdTA2YWZcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDYrQEZhcmFoVlBOIiwgInBvcnQiOiA4MCwgImlkIjogIjdmOGExYmI5LWJlZTAtNDBhOC1mOTA4LTIxYTY1ZGEwZjNjYyIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAidHlwZSI6ICIiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJ1czJ2bWVzcy5ybm1jbm0uY29tIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLzEyM3F3ZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIn0=Country = #US(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAia3IzLnR0Y2MudGVjaCIsICJwb3J0IjogIjQ0MyIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLCAiaWQiOiAiYjJkMTA2NzMtMjRjYy00Zjk2LWIxZjMtZGE4YjE3NTg5MDc3IiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLyJ9Country = #South_Korea(üá∞üá∑)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiNjIuMTQ2LjIzMi4xNTMiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAiYWxwbiI6ICIiLCAiZnAiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjEzZTEzYTNlLWU5ODEtNGVlYS1hOWZjLTEzZTUwNjI4ZmQ5YiIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiNTMxNDQiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OQSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZjhcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZWMgU0ctNjIuMTQ2LjIzMi4xNTM6NTMxNDQiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAic25pIjogIiIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ2IjogIjIifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTA0LjE5LjQ4LjIzNiIsICJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVdTLU5BIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGZmNFx1MjAwZFx1MjYyMFx1ZmUwZiBOQS0xMDQuMTkuNDguMjM2OjIwODIiLCAicG9ydCI6IDIwODIsICJpZCI6ICI0YjM2NjI1Yy1iOWQ5LTNlYTYtYWVkNS04NmQ2MmM3MGUxNmQiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiMTAwLTU5LTE3OC0yNDcuczQuY24tZGIudG9wIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiL2RhYmFpLmluMTA0LjE5LjEwMS4xMTAiLCAidGxzIjogIiJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiNTEuODEuMjAzLjU3IiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgImFscG4iOiAiIiwgImZwIjogIiIsICJob3N0IjogIiIsICJpZCI6ICIxNzg0NDk3ZC0wM2ExLTQwYmItYmI4Yi1kZTRmZmFjN2M1OWMiLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJwYXRoIjogIiIsICJwb3J0IjogIjI4ODYwIiwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGQxMiBWTS1UQ1AtTk9ORSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZmFcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZjggVVMtNTEuODEuMjAzLjU3OjI4ODYwIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNuaSI6ICIiLCAidGxzIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInYiOiAiMiJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMzguNDguMjI3LjIzMSIsICJhaWQiOiA2NCwgImhvc3QiOiAid3d3LjQyMjY2NDUxLnh5eiIsICJpZCI6ICI0MTgwNDhhZi1hMjkzLTRiOTktOWIwYy05OGNhMzU4MGRkMjQiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiL3BhdGgvMjQwODExMDYyODEzIiwgInBvcnQiOiA0Nzc3OCwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGQxMiBWTS1XUy1UTFMgXHVkODNjXHVkZGZhXHVkODNjXHVkZGY4IFVTLTM4LjQ4LjIyNy4yMzE6NDc3NzgiLCAidGxzIjogInRscyIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogZmFsc2UsICJzbmkiOiAid3d3LjQyMjY2NDUxLnh5eiJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJsb24xLWRhc2guODkwNjk5Lnh5eiIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogImxvbjEtc3ViLjg5MDY5OS54eXoiLAogICAgImlkIjogIjQxOTYzZTZiLTI5NWQtNDVhMC1iNmNjLTM4ZmJkZDNlM2Y3NSIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9sb24xLXN1Yi44OTA2OTkueHl6IiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogODQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTA0LjIxLjQ4LjEtMDc0OSIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OQSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZThcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZjMgQ04tMTgzLjIzNi41MS4zNjo1OTAwMyIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTgzLjIzNi41MS4zNiIsICJwb3J0IjogIjU5MDAzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJpZCI6ICI0MTgwNDhhZi1hMjkzLTRiOTktOWIwYy05OGNhMzU4MGRkMjQiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJwYXRoIjogIi8iLCAiaG9zdCI6ICIiLCAidGxzIjogIiJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlNiBDQS02Ny4yMjAuOTQuMTk2OjQ3OTQxIiwgImFkZCI6ICI2Ny4yMjAuOTQuMTk2IiwgInBvcnQiOiA0Nzk0MSwgImlkIjogIjRiZTQ0MTgwLTI1ZjktNDUyZi1hYjZiLWJlMDc1OGNlZjJiNiIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZX0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNzIuNjcuMTc5LjE5OSIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogImxpbmRlMDYuaW5kaWF2aWRlby5zYnMiLAogICAgImlkIjogImVkYmIxMDU5LTE2MzMtNDI3MS1iNjZlLWVkNGZiYTQ3YTFiZiIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rd3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTE3Mi42Ny4xNzkuMTk5LTc1MjIiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsCiAgICAic25pIjogIiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxODguMTE0Ljk2LjUiLAogICAgImFpZCI6IDAsCiAgICAiaG9zdCI6ICJsaW5kZTA2LmluZGlhdmlkZW8uc2JzIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICJlZGJiMTA1OS0xNjMzLTQyNzEtYjY2ZS1lZDRmYmE0N2ExYmYiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfj4FSRUxBWS0xODguMTE0Ljk2LjUtNzU1OSIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogZmFsc2UsCiAgICAic25pIjogImxpbmRlMDYuaW5kaWF2aWRlby5zYnMiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVJBVy1OQSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZjhcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZWMgU0ctNjIuMTQ2LjIzMy4xMTI6MzY3MTIiLCAiYWRkIjogIjYyLjE0Ni4yMzMuMTEyIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiMzY3MTIiLCAiaWQiOiAiOTI2NmRmNDItMDgzMC00OGMyLTg1MDktNGM1N2IzMGZlMjlkIiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJyYXciLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJxdWl6LmludC52aWRpby5jb20iLAogICAgImFpZCI6IDAsCiAgICAiaG9zdCI6ICJzZXJ2MS5pZGtzMS53ZWIuaWQiLAogICAgImlkIjogIjljN2M3MDM5LWE1ZjEtNDdiMi05MjI1LWNiYjViZjAzYjllNiIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi92bWVzcyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTA0LjIyLjQuMjQwLTA3MzAiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJzZXJ2MS5pZGtzMS53ZWIuaWQiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMS42NS4yMDQuMjExIiwgImFpZCI6IDIsICJob3N0IjogImJyb2FkY2FzdGx2LmNoYXQuYmlsaWJpbGkuY29tIiwgImlkIjogIjQ5Mzk2ZDk4LWY0YjQtMTFlZi04YzNmLWYyM2M5MTNjOGQyYiIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgInBvcnQiOiA4MCwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGQxMiBWTS1XUy1OQSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZWRcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZjAgSEstMS42NS4yMDQuMjExOjgwIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLCAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsICJzbmkiOiAiIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxMDQuMTkuMTUwLjEwIiwiYWlkIjoiMCIsImFscG4iOiIiLCJmcCI6IiIsImhvc3QiOiJtY2kubXRuLmlyLmNvbS5vcmcubmV0Lm9tMi5tdXNpY2ZhMTIzLmlyLiIsImlkIjoiOTRmMzMyYjAtYzVkMy00NTMxLWExZDYtNmU2MzU4Y2M2YzcyIiwibmV0IjoiaHR0cHVwZ3JhZGUiLCJwYXRoIjoiL2QzZDNMbWx5WVc1b2IzTjBMbU52YlFcdTAwM2RcdTAwM2Q/ZWRcdTAwM2QyNTYwIiwicG9ydCI6IjIwOTUiLCJwcyI6Itiz2LHZiNixINix2KfbjNqv2KfZhiDZvtix2LPYsdi52Krwn4yKIEB2bWVzc19pciIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJ0bHMiOiIiLCJ0eXBlIjoiLS0tIiwidiI6IjIifQ==ŸÖÿÆÿµŸàÿµ ÿß€åÿ±ÿßŸÜÿ≥ŸÑ Ÿà ÿ±ÿß€åÿ™ŸÑ‚úÖÿ≠ÿ™ŸÖÿß ÿ®Ÿá ÿßÿ¥ÿ™ÿ±ÿß⁄© ÿ®ÿ≤ÿßÿ±€åÿØ ‚úÖ@vmess_irüöÄüöÄüí¨üí¨üí¨üì∑üì∑üí¨üì∫üì∫üí¨üòçÿØÿ± ÿµŸàÿ±ÿ™ ÿßÿ™ÿµÿßŸÑ ÿ≠ÿ™ŸÖÿß ÿØÿ± ÿ±€å⁄©ÿ¥ŸÜ Ÿáÿß ÿ¥ÿ±⁄©ÿ™ ⁄©ŸÜ€åÿØüòç
vmess: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Country = #US(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMjMuMTYyLjE1Mi4xNzUiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAiYWxwbiI6ICIiLCAiZnAiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjI4YmJiOWZmLWEwNzYtNDVhOS1iYTdiLTk1ZjhhNmMzNzFjNCIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiNTYzOTkiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYlx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmNyBGUi0yMy4xNjIuMTUyLjE3NTo1NjM5OSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzbmkiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ2IjogIjIifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYlx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmNyBGUi0yMy4xNjIuMTUyLjExMToyNTk1MSIsICJhZGQiOiAiMjMuMTYyLjE1Mi4xMTEiLCAicG9ydCI6IDI1OTUxLCAiaWQiOiAiZTdhYzcxOGEtMTc1MS00ODljLTgyMDUtMjQyMjkyNTliNDEwIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIiwgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTIwLjE5OC43MS4yMTkiLCAicG9ydCI6ICI0MjM1NSIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAiaWQiOiAiNDE4MDQ4YWYtYTI5My00Yjk5LTliMGMtOThjYTM1ODBkZDI0IiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICIifQ==Country = #China(üá®üá≥)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiZGUwMS5zaC1jbG91ZGZsYXJlLnNicyIsICJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJwb3J0IjogMjA5NiwgImlkIjogIjc1YTA4ODVmLTBjYTUtNDJhNC04NjUxLTM5MWNmODE5MzE1NCIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAidHlwZSI6ICIiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJkZTAxLnNoLWNsb3VkZmxhcmUuc2JzIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIn0=Country = #US(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlZVx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmMyBJTi05NC4xMzYuMTg0LjE1NTozOTI1MyIsICJhZGQiOiAiOTQuMTM2LjE4NC4xNTUiLCAicG9ydCI6IDM5MjUzLCAiaWQiOiAiNjliNDlhMzUtY2Y1NS00ZDE0LTlmMmItZDdjZTNhMGRiNzJlIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIiwgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTk0LjIzMy43Mi4yMjgiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICIiLCAiaWQiOiAiMTY1MDkyNjItZGJlMi00M2JhLTk5Y2UtMDc5MTNkMmExOGI0IiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIiLCAicG9ydCI6ICIyNzU3NSIsICJwcyI6ICJcdWQ4M2RcdWRkMTIgVk0tVENQLU5BIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYyBTRy0xOTQuMjMzLjcyLjIyODoyNzU3NSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzbmkiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAidHlwZSI6ICIiLCAidiI6ICIyIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICI1MS43OS4xMDIuMjUzIiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiNTEuNzkuMTAyLjI1MyIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNThmZTE1NDItNTI5MC00MGFkLTgxNWEtNzc3MDdhODFhZmU1IiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL0lPZWJoTE1obDFDVGJGSGJMOTVteWZSWDIiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA4MCwKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4eo8J+HpkNBLTUxLjc5LjEwMi4yNTMtMTE0OCIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogIiIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess: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ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiI4OS4xOC41OC43MSIsImFpZCI6IjAiLCJhbHBuIjoiIiwiZnAiOiIiLCJob3N0IjoiIiwiaWQiOiJkMTNmYzJmNS0zZTA1LTQ3OTUtODFlYi00NDE0M2EwOWU1NTIiLCJuZXQiOiJ0Y3AiLCJwYXRoIjoiIiwicG9ydCI6IjE4MCIsInBzIjoiW/Cfj4FddC5tZS9Db25maWdzSHViIiwic2N5IjoiYXV0byIsInNuaSI6IiIsInRscyI6IiIsInR5cGUiOiJub25lIiwidiI6IjIifQ==œü ·¥õ·¥á ú Ä·¥Ä…¥ œü Íú± ú…™ Ä·¥Ä·¥¢ œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü ·¥ã·¥Ä Ä·¥Ä·¥ä œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #·¥Ñ Ä·¥è·¥Ä·¥õ…™·¥Ä( ú Ä)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiI4OS4xOC41OC42MyIsImFpZCI6IjAiLCJhbHBuIjoiIiwiZnAiOiIiLCJob3N0IjoiIiwiaWQiOiJkMTNmYzJmNS0zZTA1LTQ3OTUtODFlYi00NDE0M2EwOWU1NTIiLCJuZXQiOiJ0Y3AiLCJwYXRoIjoiIiwicG9ydCI6IjE4MCIsInBzIjoiW/Cfj4FddC5tZS9Db25maWdzSHViIiwic2N5IjoiYXV0byIsInNuaSI6IiIsInRscyI6IiIsInR5cGUiOiJub25lIiwidiI6IjIifQ==œü ·¥õ·¥á ú Ä·¥Ä…¥ œü Íú± ú…™ Ä·¥Ä·¥¢ œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü ·¥ã·¥Ä Ä·¥Ä·¥ä œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #·¥Ñ Ä·¥è·¥Ä·¥õ…™·¥Ä( ú Ä)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTUyLjY3LjI1MS4yMzIiLCAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywgImFpZCI6IDAsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLCAiaWQiOiAiZTUzN2YyZjUtMmEwYy00ZjU5LTkyYzktODMyY2E2NDMzYmYzIiwgInNuaSI6ICJpcnZpZGVvLmNmZCIsICJob3N0IjogImlydmlkZW8uY2ZkIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyJ9Country = #United_States(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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Country = #Canada(üá®üá¶)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjoiMiIsInBzIjoiRC1ZRUxMT1ctNDM0IiwiYWRkIjoiMTU5LjY1LjQ0Ljk4IiwicG9ydCI6Ijg4ODEiLCJpZCI6ImRiNWFmYWU0LWFjMjMtNDFhNi04Mzc4LWYzMDdhOWE0NzQzNiIsImFpZCI6IjAiLCJzY3kiOiJhdXRvIiwibmV0IjoidGNwIiwidHlwZSI6Imh0dHAiLCJob3N0IjoibWloYW53ZWJob3N0LmNvbSIsInBhdGgiOiIvIiwidGxzIjoibm9uZSIsInNuaSI6IiIsImFscG4iOiIifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAiYWRkIjogIjQ2LjguNjguMjEyIiwgInBvcnQiOiAyNDUyOSwgImlkIjogIjcwYzZjYmFhLWEzOTUtNDAxNC04Mjg2LWI0NDdkMWYzMTZjMyIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSIsICJwcyI6ICJcdWQ4M2RcdWRkMTIgVk0tVENQLU5PTkUgXHVkODNjXHVkZGYzXHVkODNjXHVkZGYxIE5MLTQ2LjguNjguMjEyOjI0NTI5In0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxNzIuNjcuMTcwLjEwMyIsImFpZCI6IjAiLCJhbHBuIjoiaDMiLCJmcCI6ImNocm9tZSIsImhvc3QiOiJnbHdlaWRmLnNicyIsImlkIjoiNzYyMjFiZmItZTkyZi00ZTgwLTgxYzUtNmZlNDhmNTBhYzBiIiwibmV0Ijoid3MiLCJwYXRoIjoiL2xpbmt3cyIsInBvcnQiOiI0NDMiLCJwcyI6Ilvwn4eo8J+Hpl10Lm1lL0NvbmZpZ3NIdWIiLCJzY3kiOiJhdXRvIiwic25pIjoiZ2x3ZWlkZi5zYnMiLCJ0bHMiOiJ0bHMiLCJ0eXBlIjoiIiwidiI6IjIifQ==œü ·¥õ·¥á ú Ä·¥Ä…¥ œü Íú± ú…™ Ä·¥Ä·¥¢ œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü ·¥ã·¥Ä Ä·¥Ä·¥ä œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #·¥Ñ·¥Ä…¥·¥Ä·¥Ö·¥Ä(·¥Ñ·¥Ä)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTIwLjE5OC43MS4yMTQiLCAicG9ydCI6ICIzNDA5MyIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAiaWQiOiAiNDE4MDQ4YWYtYTI5My00Yjk5LTliMGMtOThjYTM1ODBkZDI0IiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICIifQ==Country = #China(üá®üá≥)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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 = #Canada(üá®üá¶)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiNDYuMjUwLjI1My4yMzQiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAiYWxwbiI6ICIiLCAiZnAiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjc2MmIzOTIzLTU4ODUtNGM1Zi04ODZmLWU2Mjc4ODUxMjMzOCIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiMjg4NzIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzbmkiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAidHlwZSI6ICIiLCAidiI6ICIyIn0=Country = #Japan(üáØüáµ)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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 = #Canada(üá®üá¶)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjYuMC45NSIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogIm9iZGlpLmNmZCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiMDU2NDFjZjUtNThkMi00YmE0LWE5ZjEtYjNjZGEwYjFmYjFkIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTA0LjI2LjAuOTUtNzQ3MCIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogZmFsc2UsCiAgICAic25pIjogIm9iZGlpLmNmZCIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMzEuMTI5LjEwNS4yMzkiLCAiYWlkIjogMCwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjc5M2UwM2NjLTJiMDgtNGQxYi1iYjBiLTU5MjU2N2QxOTA0MyIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgInBvcnQiOiAxNjIzMSwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGQxMiBWTS1XUy1OQSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZjdcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZmEgUlUtMzEuMTI5LjEwNS4yMzk6MTYyMzEiLCAidGxzIjogIiIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwgInNuaSI6ICIifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OQSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZWZcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZjUgSlAtMTMuMjMwLjIzNS4yNDc6NDg4ODkiLCAiYWRkIjogIjEzLjIzMC4yMzUuMjQ3IiwgInBvcnQiOiAiNDg4ODkiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgImlkIjogImMxMzBjYjM2LWM5M2YtNGJlNy05MjI4LWE3YTk3ZDQzODg1YSIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsICJob3N0IjogImd5LnlvdWFyZW15Z29kLnRvcCIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlNiBDQS0yMy4xNjIuMjAwLjkxOjIwMTgyIiwgImFkZCI6ICIyMy4xNjIuMjAwLjkxIiwgInBvcnQiOiAyMDE4MiwgImlkIjogImNjOWI2NmI3LTFkZTctNGFhOS05NjQyLTU3NWE4YWUzZmYxOSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNzIuNjcuMTUzLjE1NiIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogInVzd3V4aWFuLnBhaTUwMjg4LnVrIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICJjMzEzNjA2Zi05OGMyLTRkN2ItYmE3NC00OGI5NGY2MWIxMWQiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogODQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTcyLjY3LjE1My4xNTYtMDMwNyIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmYVx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOCBVUy01MS44MS4yMDMuNTc6Mjg4NjAiLCAiYWRkIjogIjUxLjgxLjIwMy41NyIsICJwb3J0IjogMjg4NjAsICJpZCI6ICIxNzg0NDk3ZC0wM2ExLTQwYmItYmI4Yi1kZTRmZmFjN2M1OWMiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogIm5vbmUifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjEuOTQuMTY4IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNjJhYTVmODAtMDMyOC00MDA0LWEzNzUtN2Y1YTU5ZGY0MDIyIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTA0LjIxLjk0LjE2OC03NDQ4IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICIiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYyBTRy02Mi4xNDYuMjMzLjExMjozNjcxMiIsICJhZGQiOiAiNjIuMTQ2LjIzMy4xMTIiLCAicG9ydCI6IDM2NzEyLCAiaWQiOiAiOTI2NmRmNDItMDgzMC00OGMyLTg1MDktNGM1N2IzMGZlMjlkIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNzIuNjcuNzEuMTYwIiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAib2JkaWkuY2ZkIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICIwNTY0MWNmNS01OGQyLTRiYTQtYTlmMS1iM2NkYTBiMWZiMWQiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfj4FSRUxBWS0xNzIuNjcuNzEuMTYwLTc0NzkiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJvYmRpaS5jZmQiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMzguMTQuMTA3LjIyNSIsICJwb3J0IjogMzgwMDMsICJhaWQiOiA2NCwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogInRscyIsICJpZCI6ICI0MTgwNDhhZi1hMjkzLTRiOTktOWIwYy05OGNhMzU4MGRkMjQiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJ3d3cuMjMxNzk3NTMueHl6IiwgInBhdGgiOiAiL3BhdGgvMTgxNzIxMjcyMTE0In0=Country = #United_States(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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 = #France(üá´üá∑)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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 = #France(üá´üá∑)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTU0LjgzLjIuOTAiLCAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywgImFpZCI6IDAsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLCAiaWQiOiAiOTUwZGI2YWEtNDkyNi00NjE2LTgxNmUtZWMwMzEyZGNiODdiIiwgInNuaSI6ICJqYWhma2poYS5jZmQiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJqYWhma2poYS5jZmQiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIn0=Country = #Seychelles(üá∏üá®)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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Country = #France(üá´üá∑)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNzIuNjcuMTMxLjE3IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNjJhYTVmODAtMDMyOC00MDA0LWEzNzUtN2Y1YTU5ZGY0MDIyIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTcyLjY3LjEzMS4xNy03NDM2IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlY1x1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlNyBHQi0xNDkuNy4xNi4xNDk6MzcxMDEiLCAiYWRkIjogIjE0OS43LjE2LjE0OSIsICJwb3J0IjogMzcxMDEsICJpZCI6ICJmYjNmYzI0My00Njk4LTQ5YzQtOGM0NC0wNDE1ZjY4YTRkMjUiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogIm5vbmUifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMTcuMjEzLjU3IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAieG1pdmlkZW8uY2ZkIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICI5M2VhNDg2YS1iYWRhLTQyYTQtYWMzOC1kMDg4YjMyMGZhMWUiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfj4FSRUxBWS0xMDQuMTcuMjEzLjU3LTc0NDMiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJ4bWl2aWRlby5jZmQiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlNiBDQS02Ny4yMjAuOTQuMTM3OjU3MTIzIiwgImFkZCI6ICI2Ny4yMjAuOTQuMTM3IiwgInBvcnQiOiA1NzEyMywgImlkIjogImI0ZDNhODFiLWVjMGUtNGEyNy1hMzU5LTZkZWEwYzRmMWY3NSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmM1x1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmMSBOTC0xODUuMjIxLjIxOS4yMDo0Nzg1NiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTg1LjIyMS4yMTkuMjAiLCAicG9ydCI6IDQ3ODU2LCAiaWQiOiAiMDY1MDE2MTQtMmNkZS00NTg5LWI3NWYtOGRmODk1ZTY1YjNjIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIyMy4xNTguNTYuMTg0IiwiYWlkIjoiMCIsImFscG4iOiIiLCJmcCI6IiIsImhvc3QiOiIiLCJpZCI6IjA0NjIxYmFlLWFiMzYtMTFlYy1iOTA5LTAyNDJhYzEyMDAwMiIsIm5ldCI6InRjcCIsInBhdGgiOiIiLCJwb3J0IjoiMjIzMjQiLCJwcyI6Itqp2KfZhtmB24zaryDZvtix2LPYsdi52Kog2LHYp9uM2q/Yp9mG8J+Mi0B2bWVzYyIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJ0bHMiOiIiLCJ0eXBlIjoibm9uZSIsInYiOiIyIn0=‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚ù• MciFree serviceüëáüëáüëáüëáüëá‚úÖ @vmesc
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTY5LjE1MC4yMDguODMiLCAicG9ydCI6IDE4MDAwLCAiYWlkIjogMCwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAiaWQiOiAiZjhjOGRjM2QtMGQzNy00NmIwLThiMzQtYTcyMzI4ODJmY2ZlIn0=Country = #Sweden(üá∏üá™)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTQ5LjcuMTYuMTQ5IiwgInBvcnQiOiAzNzEwMSwgImlkIjogImZiM2ZjMjQzLTQ2OTgtNDljNC04YzQ0LTA0MTVmNjhhNGQyNSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9Country = #United_Kingdom(üá¨üáß)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiNTcuMTI5LjI0LjE0MSIsICJwb3J0IjogIjQ0MyIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAiaWQiOiAiMDNmY2M2MTgtYjkzZC02Nzk2LTZhZWQtOGEzOGM5NzVkNTgxIiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rdndzIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMifQ==Country = #Germany(üá©üá™)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAidXMydm1lc3Mucm5tY25tLmNvbSIsICJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJwb3J0IjogODAsICJpZCI6ICI3ZjhhMWJiOS1iZWUwLTQwYTgtZjkwOC0yMWE2NWRhMGYzY2MiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLzEyM3F3ZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIn0=Country = #US(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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 = #Germany(üá©üá™)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJQYXJzVmRzLmlyIiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiZ2x3ZWlkZi5zYnMiLAogICAgImlkIjogIjc2MjIxYmZiLWU5MmYtNGU4MC04MWM1LTZmZTQ4ZjUwYWMwYiIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rd3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTEwNC4yMS45NC4xNjgtMTEzOSIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTA0LjIxLjE2LjEiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAiYWxwbiI6ICIiLCAiZnAiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjdmOGExYmI5LWJlZTAtNDBhOC1mOTA4LTIxYTY1ZGEwZjNjYyIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvMTIzcXdlIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiODAiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVdTLU5BIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGZmNFx1MjAwZFx1MjYyMFx1ZmUwZiBOQS0xMDQuMjEuMTYuMTo4MCIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzbmkiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAidHlwZSI6ICItLS0iLCAidiI6ICIyIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIyMy4xNjIuMjAwLjIyNyIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogIiIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiMDNmY2M2MTgtYjkzZC02Nzk2LTZhZWQtOGEzOGM5NzVkNTgxIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt2d3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+HqPCfh6ZDQS0yMy4xNjIuMjAwLjIyNy03NDQ3IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICIiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxODguMTE0Ljk3Ljc5IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAibGluZGUwNi5pbmRpYXZpZGVvLnNicyIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiZWRiYjEwNTktMTYzMy00MjcxLWI2NmUtZWQ0ZmJhNDdhMWJmIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTg4LjExNC45Ny43OS03NDQwIiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAibGluZGUwNi5pbmRpYXZpZGVvLnNicyIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTA0LjIxLjk2LjEiLCAiYWlkIjogMCwgImhvc3QiOiAiZGUwMS5zaC1jbG91ZGZsYXJlLnNicyIsICJpZCI6ICI3NWEwODg1Zi0wY2E1LTQyYTQtODY1MS0zOTFjZjgxOTMxNTQiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsICJwb3J0IjogMjA5NiwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGQxMiBWTS1XUy1UTFMgXHVkODNjXHVkZmY0XHUyMDBkXHUyNjIwXHVmZTBmIE5BLTEwNC4yMS45Ni4xOjIwOTYiLCAidGxzIjogInRscyIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwgInNuaSI6ICJkZTAxLnNoLWNsb3VkZmxhcmUuc2JzIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjoiMiIsInBzIjoiRC1GQUlUSC02MjI3IiwiYWRkIjoiMTY3LjcxLjI1MC4xMTUiLCJwb3J0IjoiODg4MSIsImlkIjoiZGI1YWZhZTQtYWMyMy00MWE2LTgzNzgtZjMwN2E5YTQ3NDM2IiwiYWlkIjoiMCIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJuZXQiOiJ0Y3AiLCJ0eXBlIjoiaHR0cCIsImhvc3QiOiJtb2kuaXIiLCJwYXRoIjoiLyIsInRscyI6Im5vbmUiLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJhbHBuIjoiIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess: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 = #Moldova(üá≤üá©)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYyBTRy0xNTQuMjYuMTM3LjQyOjQ0MTA0IiwgImFkZCI6ICIxNTQuMjYuMTM3LjQyIiwgInBvcnQiOiA0NDEwNCwgImlkIjogImU5OTMzYTRjLWU1NmUtNDU4Yy1iY2Y0LTljYjM4NzViYmE1NSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmM1x1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmMSBOTC0xNzIuOTkuMTg4LjE5MDo0NzkyNSIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTcyLjk5LjE4OC4xOTAiLCAicG9ydCI6IDQ3OTI1LCAiaWQiOiAiZjU4ZmZkYTItM2VmYy00OWE1LTkwNDctZjhjMmY5M2M1NzVkIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYlx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmNyBGUi0zOC4xMDkuMjI4LjE2MzoyNzA2MCIsICJhZGQiOiAiMzguMTA5LjIyOC4xNjMiLCAicG9ydCI6IDI3MDYwLCAiaWQiOiAiNzFkYTQwYjktYzIwZS00YTZlLTgwY2ItYzgxNDFmNjkzNTI2IiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNTIuNjcuMjUxLjIzMiIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogImlydmlkZW8uY2ZkIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICJlNTM3ZjJmNS0yYTBjLTRmNTktOTJjOS04MzJjYTY0MzNiZjMiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfh7rwn4e4VVMtMTUyLjY3LjI1MS4yMzItNzQzNSIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogZmFsc2UsCiAgICAic25pIjogImlydmlkZW8uY2ZkIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiJhbGlwLmNvbSIsImFpZCI6IjAiLCJhbHBuIjoiIiwiZnAiOiIiLCJob3N0IjoiIiwiaWQiOiJiNGMxZGQ2Mi1mMGRkLTRhNmYtOGU4NS1lNDI5M2EzMzgxODciLCJuZXQiOiJ0Y3AiLCJwYXRoIjoiIiwicG9ydCI6Ijg2NDMiLCJwcyI6Ilvwn4+BXXQubWUvQ29uZmlnc0h1YiIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJ0bHMiOiIiLCJ0eXBlIjoibm9uZSIsInYiOiIyIn0=œü ·¥õ·¥á ú Ä·¥Ä…¥ œü Íú± ú…™ Ä·¥Ä·¥¢ œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü ·¥ã·¥Ä Ä·¥Ä·¥ä œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: # ô Ä…™·¥õ…™s ú·¥†…™ Ä…¢…™…¥…™s ü·¥Ä…¥·¥Ös(·¥†…¢)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiNjUuMTA5LjE5Mi4yNDQiLCAicG9ydCI6IDI5ODc4LCAiaWQiOiAiNDJjZjZhMmEtZmM1Yy00MjJjLTg4YzQtYzJjZTE3MmEyMWE2IiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=Country = #Finland(üá´üáÆ)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiNDYuMjkuMTY2LjIzNyIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJhbHBuIjogIiIsICJmcCI6ICIiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICIiLCAiaWQiOiAiMGM0OWNkMTktMjc1OC00ZDM4LWU2YTgtMTFmMmQ2NjM1ODYwIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIiLCAicG9ydCI6ICI0NzU1NSIsICJwcyI6ICJcdWQ4M2RcdWRmZTNcdWQ4M2RcdWRkMjUrXHUwNmE5XHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2XHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ0K1x1MDYzM1x1MDYzMVx1MDY0OFx1MDYzMStcdTA2MzFcdTA2MjdcdTA2Y2NcdTA2YWZcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDYrQEZhcmFoVlBOIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNuaSI6ICIiLCAidGxzIjogIiIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidiI6ICIyIn0=Country = #Russia(üá∑üá∫)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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Country = #Poland(üáµüá±)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAicHEtYnJhemlsMS4wOXZwbi5jb20iLCAicG9ydCI6ICI4MCIsICJpZCI6ICJjMDRjM2IzNC03MGZkLTRmZWMtOTYzZS1jMTJkMDlmMzZiZWYiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgImhvc3QiOiAicHEtYnJhemlsMS4wOXZwbi5jb20iLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvdm1lc3MvIn0=Country = #Brazil(üáßüá∑)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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Country = #Spain(üá™üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiNjUuMTA5LjE5Mi4yNDQiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAiYWxwbiI6ICIiLCAiZnAiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjg3MGFhZGZmLTNlYWMtNGQ5Zi1hMjFhLWMxYTAxNjY0YThjOCIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiNTI2MzUiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzbmkiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ2IjogIjIifQ==Country = #Finland(üá´üáÆ)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxODguMTE0Ljk5LjE4MyIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogImxpbmRlMDYuaW5kaWF2aWRlby5zYnMiLAogICAgImlkIjogImVkYmIxMDU5LTE2MzMtNDI3MS1iNjZlLWVkNGZiYTQ3YTFiZiIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rd3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTE4OC4xMTQuOTkuMTgzLTc0MjAiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJsaW5kZTA2LmluZGlhdmlkZW8uc2JzIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYyBTRy02Mi4xNDYuMjMyLjE1Nzo1Mjg1NiIsICJhZGQiOiAiNjIuMTQ2LjIzMi4xNTciLCAicG9ydCI6IDUyODU2LCAiaWQiOiAiZWQ1NGUzODgtYmZjNS00YjM2LWFlNGQtOGIzY2Q0NjBkM2Q0IiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIiwgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjEuOTQuMTY4IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNjJhYTVmODAtMDMyOC00MDA0LWEzNzUtN2Y1YTU5ZGY0MDIyIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTA0LjIxLjk0LjE2OC03NDU5IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICIiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess: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Country = #United_States(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIzOC4xNC4xMDcuMjI1IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiA2NCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogInd3dy4yMzE3OTc1My54eXoiLAogICAgImlkIjogIjQxODA0OGFmLWEyOTMtNGI5OS05YjBjLTk4Y2EzNTgwZGQyNCIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9wYXRoLzE4MTcyMTI3MjExNCIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDM4MDAzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfh7rwn4e4VVMtMzguMTQuMTA3LjIyNS03NDk4IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICIiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjEuMTguMjI3IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiamFoZmtqaGEuY2ZkIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICI5NTBkYjZhYS00OTI2LTQ2MTYtODE2ZS1lYzAzMTJkY2I4N2IiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfj4FSRUxBWS0xMDQuMjEuMTguMjI3LTc1MjAiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsCiAgICAic25pIjogIiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjoiMiIsInBzIjoiRC1GT1gtMjA4OCIsImFkZCI6IjEzOC4xOTcuMS4yMjIiLCJwb3J0IjoiODg4MSIsImlkIjoiZGI1YWZhZTQtYWMyMy00MWE2LTgzNzgtZjMwN2E5YTQ3NDM2IiwiYWlkIjoiMCIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJuZXQiOiJ0Y3AiLCJ0eXBlIjoiaHR0cCIsImhvc3QiOiJtb2kuaXIiLCJwYXRoIjoiLyIsInRscyI6Im5vbmUiLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJhbHBuIjoiIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxODUuMTQ2LjE3My4xNTgiLCJhaWQiOiIwIiwiYWxwbiI6IiIsImZwIjoiIiwiaG9zdCI6ImphaGZramhhLmNmZCIsImlkIjoiOTUwZGI2YWEtNDkyNi00NjE2LTgxNmUtZWMwMzEyZGNiODdiIiwibmV0Ijoid3MiLCJwYXRoIjoiL2xpbmt3cyIsInBvcnQiOiI0NDMiLCJwcyI6Ilvwn4e48J+Hql10Lm1lL0NvbmZpZ3NIdWIiLCJzY3kiOiJhdXRvIiwic25pIjoiamFoZmtqaGEuY2ZkIiwidGxzIjoidGxzIiwidHlwZSI6IiIsInYiOiIyIn0=œü ·¥õ·¥á ú Ä·¥Ä…¥ œü Íú± ú…™ Ä·¥Ä·¥¢ œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü ·¥ã·¥Ä Ä·¥Ä·¥ä œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #s·¥°·¥á·¥Ö·¥á…¥(s·¥á)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiczIuZGItbGluazAyLnRvcCIsICJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJwb3J0IjogODA4MCwgImlkIjogIjRiMzY2MjVjLWI5ZDktM2VhNi1hZWQ1LTg2ZDYyYzcwZTE2ZCIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAidHlwZSI6ICIiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICIxMDAtMTE5LTE1MS0yNDguczIuZGItbGluazAyLnRvcCIsICJwYXRoIjogIi9kYWJhaS5pbjE3Mi42NC40MS4xNTAiLCAidGxzIjogIiJ9Country = #US(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTcyLjk5LjE4OC4xOTAiLCAicG9ydCI6IDQ3OTI1LCAiaWQiOiAiZjU4ZmZkYTItM2VmYy00OWE1LTkwNDctZjhjMmY5M2M1NzVkIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=Country = #The_Netherlands(üá≥üá±)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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Country = #Canada(üá®üá¶)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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Country = #Germany(üá©üá™)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTcwLjExNC40NS41MiIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJhbHBuIjogIiIsICJmcCI6ICIiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJ1c3RvdWNqam5pZDE4c2o2dXMubG92ZWJhaXBpYW8uY29tIiwgImlkIjogIjkxOTliZjc4LTg3NjItNGVjNS05YjdmLTA3Mzk2YjcxZTlkNCIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiMjA4NiIsICJwcyI6ICJcdWQ4M2RcdWRkMTIgVk0tV1MtTkEgXHVkODNjXHVkZGZhXHVkODNjXHVkZGY4IFVTLTE3MC4xMTQuNDUuNTI6MjA4NiIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzbmkiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAidHlwZSI6ICIiLCAidiI6ICIyIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess: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ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMzcuMjcuMTgyLjEwOSIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJob3N0IjogIiIsICJpZCI6ICJiM2E2NDM1Yi1mZWFlLTQxZjQtYTZiOC1jZjNjMDllNTM2ZTEiLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJwYXRoIjogIiIsICJwb3J0IjogMzM3OCwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGQxMiBWTS1UQ1AtTk9ORSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZWJcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZWUgRkktMzcuMjcuMTgyLjEwOTozMzc4IiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiIiwgInYiOiAiMiJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxODguMTE0Ljk3Ljc5IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAibGluZGUwNi5pbmRpYXZpZGVvLnNicyIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiZWRiYjEwNTktMTYzMy00MjcxLWI2NmUtZWQ0ZmJhNDdhMWJmIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTg4LjExNC45Ny43OS03NTE3IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAibGluZGUwNi5pbmRpYXZpZGVvLnNicyIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTA0LjIxLjgyLjE4MyIsICJhaWQiOiAwLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJzZXJ2ZXIyNi5iZWhlc2h0YmFuZWguY29tIiwgImlkIjogIjVhNzAyMWUwLTI2YjQtNDVkNi1iMTc1LWZlNTUxNjAxY2E5NyIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgInBvcnQiOiA4ODgwLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVdTLU5BIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGZmNFx1MjAwZFx1MjYyMFx1ZmUwZiBOQS0xMDQuMjEuODIuMTgzOjg4ODAiLCAidGxzIjogIiIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwgInNuaSI6ICIifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjEuOTQuMTY4IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNjJhYTVmODAtMDMyOC00MDA0LWEzNzUtN2Y1YTU5ZGY0MDIyIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTA0LjIxLjk0LjE2OC03NTUwIiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICIiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess: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 = #The_Netherlands(üá≥üá±)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJ1czAxLnNoLWNsb3VkZmxhcmUuc2JzIiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAidXMwMS5zaC1jbG91ZGZsYXJlLnNicyIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiOTE0NTg0ZWUtMzUxNS00NmFjLWEwOWQtNDY3N2EyZTlkYzlhIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDg0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTEwNC4yMS4zMi4xLTA3NjQiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJ1czAxLnNoLWNsb3VkZmxhcmUuc2JzIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlZVx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmMyBJTi05NC4xMzYuMTg0LjE1NTozOTI1MyIsICJhZGQiOiAiOTQuMTM2LjE4NC4xNTUiLCAicG9ydCI6IDM5MjUzLCAiaWQiOiAiNjliNDlhMzUtY2Y1NS00ZDE0LTlmMmItZDdjZTNhMGRiNzJlIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmYVx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOCBVUy0xNS4yMDQuMjQ4LjkyOjMwNTYyIiwgImFkZCI6ICIxNS4yMDQuMjQ4LjkyIiwgInBvcnQiOiAzMDU2MiwgImlkIjogIjgyNDY2NzE1LTZhNTgtNDA0Ni1hMzYzLWEwZDE4ZTViMmFiNCIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAidXN3dXhpYW4ucGFpNTAyODgudWsiLCAidiI6ICIyIiwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGZlM1x1ZDgzZFx1ZGQyNStcdTA2YTlcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDZcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDQrXHUwNjMzXHUwNjMxXHUwNjQ4XHUwNjMxK1x1MDYzMVx1MDYyN1x1MDZjY1x1MDZhZlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NitARmFyYWhWUE4iLCAicG9ydCI6IDg0NDMsICJpZCI6ICJjMzEzNjA2Zi05OGMyLTRkN2ItYmE3NC00OGI5NGY2MWIxMWQiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAidXN3dXhpYW4ucGFpNTAyODgudWsiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMifQ==Country = #US(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTcyLjk5LjE4OC41NSIsICJwb3J0IjogMTcyODQsICJpZCI6ICJlNGVmZTEyZC05N2MwLTRmZDctYmZkNC0wNjlmZjA0ZThkNDQiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogIm5vbmUifQ==Country = #The_Netherlands(üá≥üá±)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiODguMTk4LjE3Mi4yNSIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJhbHBuIjogIiIsICJmcCI6ICIiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICIiLCAiaWQiOiAiZTdlYjQ3MmUtZGM4My00OWQ1LWJlNWUtODJhNzlhMjEyNGVlIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJncnBjIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiSmJpQjhWNjZWNzhIZjViaXZmc2lzOHZIIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiMTUxNDUiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLUdSUEMtTkEgXHVkODNjXHVkZGU5XHVkODNjXHVkZGVhIERFLTg4LjE5OC4xNzIuMjU6MTUxNDUiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAic25pIjogIiIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiZ3VuIiwgInYiOiAiMiJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMjMuMTYyLjIwMC45MSIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJob3N0IjogIiIsICJpZCI6ICJjYzliNjZiNy0xZGU3LTRhYTktOTY0Mi01NzVhOGFlM2ZmMTkiLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJwYXRoIjogIiIsICJwb3J0IjogIjIwMTgyIiwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGQxMiBWTS1UQ1AtTkEgXHVkODNjXHVkZGU4XHVkODNjXHVkZGU2IENBLTIzLjE2Mi4yMDAuOTE6MjAxODIiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAic25pIjogIiIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiIiwgInYiOiAiMiJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNzIuNjcuMTYxLjc3IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAibGluZGUwNi5pbmRpYXZpZGVvLnNicyIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiZWRiYjEwNTktMTYzMy00MjcxLWI2NmUtZWQ0ZmJhNDdhMWJmIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTcyLjY3LjE2MS43Ny03NTYyIiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAibGluZGUwNi5pbmRpYXZpZGVvLnNicyIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICI2YThlMGNhMi1zdWN2NDAtdDgybzV0LWxidzUuaGsucDVwdi5jb20iLAogICAgImFpZCI6IDIsCiAgICAiaG9zdCI6ICJicm9hZGNhc3Rsdi5jaGF0LmJpbGliaWxpLmNvbSIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiMGU1MTFmNTAtNzkzZi0xMWVhLWI4NzMtZjIzYzkxY2ZiYmM5IiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDgwLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfh63wn4ewSEstMS42NS4yMTguMTI5LTA5MTciLAogICAgInRscyI6ICIiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsCiAgICAic25pIjogIiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJzMi5kYi1saW5rMDEudG9wIiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiMTAwLTEzMC0xMzYtNTAuczIuZGItbGluazAxLnRvcCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNGIzNjYyNWMtYjlkOS0zZWE2LWFlZDUtODZkNjJjNzBlMTZkIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2RhYmFpLmluMTA0LjIxLjEzMy4xMiIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDIwOTUsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTEwNC4xNy4yMTMuMjQxLTA4OTEiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICIiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsCiAgICAic25pIjogIiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJueTEtZGFzaC44OTA2OTkueHl6IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAibnkxLWRhc2guODkwNjk5Lnh5eiIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNjU4Yjg3ZTAtNWQ5Mi00NDI0LWQzNDQtYzE2N2FjZDZhNzdmIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL255MS1zdWIuODkwNjk5Lnh5eiIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDIwOTYsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTEwNC4yMS4zMi4xLTU2OTYiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJueTEtc3ViLjg5MDY5OS54eXoiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiI0Ni4yOS4xNjYuMjM3IiwiYWlkIjoiMCIsImFscG4iOiIiLCJmcCI6IiIsImhvc3QiOiIiLCJpZCI6IjBjNDljZDE5LTI3NTgtNGQzOC1lNmE4LTExZjJkNjYzNTg2MCIsIm5ldCI6InRjcCIsInBhdGgiOiIiLCJwb3J0IjoiNDc1NTUiLCJwcyI6Itiz2LHZiNixINix2KfbjNqv2KfZhiDZvtix2LPYsdi52Krwn4yKIEB2bWVzc19pciIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJ0bHMiOiIiLCJ0eXBlIjoibm9uZSIsInYiOiIyIn0=ŸÖÿÆÿµŸàÿµ ÿß€åÿ±ÿßŸÜÿ≥ŸÑ Ÿà ÿ±ÿß€åÿ™ŸÑ‚úÖÿ≠ÿ™ŸÖÿß ÿ®Ÿá ÿßÿ¥ÿ™ÿ±ÿß⁄© ÿ®ÿ≤ÿßÿ±€åÿØ ‚úÖ@vmess_irüöÄüöÄüí¨üí¨üí¨üì∑üì∑üí¨üì∫üì∫üí¨üòçÿØÿ± ÿµŸàÿ±ÿ™ ÿßÿ™ÿµÿßŸÑ ÿ≠ÿ™ŸÖÿß ÿØÿ± ÿ±€å⁄©ÿ¥ŸÜ Ÿáÿß ÿ¥ÿ±⁄©ÿ™ ⁄©ŸÜ€åÿØüòç
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxMDcuMTQ4LjIwNy4yNDkiLCJhaWQiOiIwIiwiYWxwbiI6IiIsImZwIjoiIiwiaG9zdCI6ImFwcHN2cy5zaG9wIiwiaWQiOiI0MTgwNDhhZi1hMjkzLTRiOTktOWIwYy05OGNhMzU4MGRkMjQiLCJuZXQiOiJ0Y3AiLCJwYXRoIjoiLyIsInBvcnQiOiI0ODcxMiIsInBzIjoiW/Cfh7rwn4e4XXQubWUvQ29uZmlnc0h1YiIsImlkIjoiNDE4MDQ4YWYtYTI5My00Yjk5LTliMGMtOThjYTM1ODBkZDI0IiwibmV0IjoidGNwIiwicGF0aCI6Ii8iLCJwb3J0IjoiNDg3MTIiLCJwcyI6IldpRmktQFYycmF5X0FscGhhLTE0Iiwic2N5IjoiYXV0byIsInNuaSI6IiIsInRscyI6IiIsInR5cGUiOiJub25lIiwidiI6IjIifQ==œü ·¥õ·¥á ú Ä·¥Ä…¥ œü Íú± ú…™ Ä·¥Ä·¥¢ œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü ·¥ã·¥Ä Ä·¥Ä·¥ä œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #·¥ú…¥…™·¥õ·¥á·¥Ös·¥õ·¥Ä·¥õ·¥ás(·¥ús)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxODYuMTkwLjIxNS45MyIsImFpZCI6IjAiLCJhbHBuIjoiIiwiZnAiOiIiLCJob3N0IjoiIiwiaWQiOiIwNDYyMWJhZS1hYjM2LTExZWMtYjkwOS0wMjQyYWMxMjAwMDIiLCJuZXQiOiJ0Y3AiLCJwYXRoIjoiIiwicG9ydCI6IjIyMzI0IiwicHMiOiJb8J+PgV10Lm1lL0NvbmZpZ3NIdWIiLCJzY3kiOiJhdXRvIiwic25pIjoiIiwidGxzIjoiIiwidHlwZSI6Im5vbmUiLCJ2IjoiMiJ9œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #s·¥°…™·¥õ·¥¢·¥á Ä ü·¥Ä…¥·¥Ö(·¥Ñ ú)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIyMy4xNTguNTYuMjEiLCJhaWQiOiIwIiwiYWxwbiI6IiIsImZwIjoiIiwiaG9zdCI6IiIsImlkIjoiNmVlZjM0NDgtYmJjMC00OTMzLTg5NGEtNzJiM2U4Nzg2MTA5IiwibmV0IjoidGNwIiwicGF0aCI6IiIsInBvcnQiOiI0ODk2MSIsInBzIjoiW/Cfh6nwn4eqXXQubWUvQ29uZmlnc0h1YiIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJ0bHMiOiIiLCJ0eXBlIjoibm9uZSIsInYiOiIyIn0=œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #…¢·¥á Ä·¥ç·¥Ä…¥ è(·¥Ö·¥á)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiNTEuNzkuMTAyLjI1MyIsICJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJwb3J0IjogODAsICJpZCI6ICI1OGZlMTU0Mi01MjkwLTQwYWQtODE1YS03NzcwN2E4MWFmZTUiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiL0lPZWJoTE1obDFDVGJGSGJMOTVteWZSWDIiLCAidGxzIjogIiJ9Country = #Canada(üá®üá¶)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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Country = #Germany(üá©üá™)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAidXN3dXhpYW4ucGFpNTAyODgudWsiLCAidiI6ICIyIiwgInBvcnQiOiA4NDQzLCAiaWQiOiAiYzMxMzYwNmYtOThjMi00ZDdiLWJhNzQtNDhiOTRmNjFiMTFkIiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsICJ0eXBlIjogIiIsICJob3N0IjogInVzd3V4aWFuLnBhaTUwMjg4LnVrIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGZlM1x1ZDgzZFx1ZGQyNStcdTA2YTlcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDZcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDQrXHUwNjMzXHUwNjMxXHUwNjQ4XHUwNjMxK1x1MDYzMVx1MDYyN1x1MDZjY1x1MDZhZlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NitARmFyYWhWUE4ifQ==Country = #US(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYlx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmNyBGUi0zOC4xMDkuMjI4LjIxNDoxNDg1NCIsICJhZGQiOiAiMzguMTA5LjIyOC4yMTQiLCAicG9ydCI6IDE0ODU0LCAiaWQiOiAiZjBhMjE0YmEtMmE0Zi00ZjIyLWIzNDItMDMxMjM3MjZhYjI3IiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxODguMTE0Ljk5LjE4MyIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogImxpbmRlMDYuaW5kaWF2aWRlby5zYnMiLAogICAgImlkIjogImVkYmIxMDU5LTE2MzMtNDI3MS1iNjZlLWVkNGZiYTQ3YTFiZiIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rd3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTE4OC4xMTQuOTkuMTgzLTc1NDMiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJsaW5kZTA2LmluZGlhdmlkZW8uc2JzIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJmazItYmFzaC44OTA2MTcueHl6IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiZmsyLWJhc2guODkwNjE3Lnh5eiIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiZmVkZGMzMjYtZGE3MC00ZmFiLTk1YTktOGY5OGJlNmRhNjMzIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2ZrMi0xIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogMjA4NywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTcyLjY3LjE1OS41Ni01NjI0IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiZmsyLWJhc2guODkwNjE3Lnh5eiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICI1MS43Ny4yMC4xMzciLAogICAgImFpZCI6IDAsCiAgICAiaG9zdCI6ICJ0aWxlYmFuaS5jb20iLAogICAgImlkIjogIjAzZmNjNjE4LWI5M2QtNjc5Ni02YWVkLThhMzhjOTc1ZDU4MSIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rdndzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfh6vwn4e3RlItNTEuNzcuMjAuMTM3LTc1NzkiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsCiAgICAic25pIjogIiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxMDQuMTkuMTUwLjEwIiwiYWlkIjoiMCIsImFscG4iOiIiLCJmcCI6IiIsImhvc3QiOiJtY2kubXRuLmlyLmNvbS5vcmcubmV0Lm9tMi5tdXNpY2ZhMTIzLmlyLiIsImlkIjoiOTRmMzMyYjAtYzVkMy00NTMxLWExZDYtNmU2MzU4Y2M2YzcyIiwibmV0IjoiaHR0cHVwZ3JhZGUiLCJwYXRoIjoiL2QzZDNMbWx5WVc1b2IzTjBMbU52YlFcdTAwM2RcdTAwM2Q/ZWRcdTAwM2QyNTYwIiwicG9ydCI6IjIwOTUiLCJwcyI6Itqp2KfZhtmB24zaryDZvtix2LPYsdi52Kog2LHYp9uM2q/Yp9mG8J+Mi0B2bWVzYyIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJ0bHMiOiIiLCJ0eXBlIjoiLS0tIiwidiI6IjIifQ==‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚ù• MtnFree serviceüëáüëáüëáüëáüëá‚úÖ @vmesc
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxNDYuMTkuMTY4LjE2MSIsImFpZCI6IjAiLCJhbHBuIjoiIiwiZnAiOiJjaHJvbWUiLCJob3N0IjoiYXowNS5iZXlvbmR5LmNmZCIsImlkIjoiM2Y2MzhmMzQtOGRiYS00MTg2LWJjNDMtMjcxNmE3ZGRkNGJlIiwibmV0Ijoid3MiLCJwYXRoIjoiL2xpbmsiLCJwb3J0IjoiNDQzIiwicHMiOiJb8J+Hq/Cfh7dddC5tZS9Db25maWdzSHViIiwic2N5IjoiYXV0byIsInNuaSI6ImF6MDUuYmV5b25keS5jZmQiLCJ0bHMiOiJ0bHMiLCJ0eXBlIjoiIiwidiI6IjIifQ==œü ·¥õ·¥á ú Ä·¥Ä…¥ œü Íú± ú…™ Ä·¥Ä·¥¢ œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü ·¥ã·¥Ä Ä·¥Ä·¥ä œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #“ì Ä·¥Ä…¥·¥Ñ·¥á(“ì Ä)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess: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Country = #China(üá®üá≥)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiNjcuMjIwLjk0LjEzNyIsICJwb3J0IjogNTcxMjMsICJpZCI6ICJiNGQzYTgxYi1lYzBlLTRhMjctYTM1OS02ZGVhMGM0ZjFmNzUiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogIm5vbmUifQ==Country = #Canada(üá®üá¶)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlOVx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYSBERS0xOTMuMTA4LjExOC4xMzY6MTU3MTMiLCAiYWRkIjogIjE5My4xMDguMTE4LjEzNiIsICJwb3J0IjogMTU3MTMsICJpZCI6ICJmNzRlMjc3ZS04NGIzLTQ2YTItOGFiZC0yNzc3ZmE1ZTRhZjkiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogIm5vbmUifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMzQuMTk1LjE5OC4xNDciLAogICAgImFpZCI6IDAsCiAgICAiaG9zdCI6ICJpbm5hLmNmZCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiMDNmY2M2MTgtYjkzZC02Nzk2LTZhZWQtOGEzOGM5NzVkNTgxIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt2d3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+HqPCfh6ZDQS0xMzQuMTk1LjE5OC4xNDctNzUyOCIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNzIuNjcuMTg5LjI3IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAibnkyLXN1Yi45MzAucHAudWEiLAogICAgImlkIjogImYwODJlZWNhLWUwNjgtNDVmOS1kMWJmLTQ2ZTlkZTliZGY1NyIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9ueTItc3ViLjkzMC5wcC51YSIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDIwNTMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTE3Mi42Ny4xODkuMjctMDgxMiIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogZmFsc2UsCiAgICAic25pIjogIm55Mi1zdWIuOTMwLnBwLnVhIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYyBTRy02Mi4xNDYuMjMzLjc5OjQ0MTI3IiwgImFkZCI6ICI2Mi4xNDYuMjMzLjc5IiwgInBvcnQiOiA0NDEyNywgImlkIjogImFlMGZhODIyLTU4YmItNDgzZi05YWY1LWQ0MTdkOGMyM2IyMSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OQSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZjhcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZWEgU0UtMTY5LjE1MC4yMDguODM6MTgwMDAiLCAiYWRkIjogIjE2OS4xNTAuMjA4LjgzIiwgInBvcnQiOiAxODAwMCwgImFpZCI6IDAsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogImY4YzhkYzNkLTBkMzctNDZiMC04YjM0LWE3MjMyODgyZmNmZSJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTAzLjY3Ljc5LjE1NyIsICJwb3J0IjogNDUzNjUsICJpZCI6ICI3ZDJhNGU2Ni0xNTJjLTQ5ZjUtOWZmNS1jMTlhODM2ZThjODkiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogIm5vbmUifQ==Country = #Indonesia(üáÆüá©)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTYwLjE1My4xLjEwMCIsICJhaWQiOiAwLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJqYWhma2poYS5jZmQiLCAiaWQiOiAiOTUwZGI2YWEtNDkyNi00NjE2LTgxNmUtZWMwMzEyZGNiODdiIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rd3MiLCAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGZlM1x1ZDgzZFx1ZGQyNStcdTA2YTlcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDZcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDQrXHUwNjMzXHUwNjMxXHUwNjQ4XHUwNjMxK1x1MDYzMVx1MDYyN1x1MDZjY1x1MDZhZlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NitARmFyYWhWUE4iLCAidGxzIjogInRscyIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwgInNuaSI6ICIifQ==Country = #The_Netherlands(üá≥üá±)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJiZTRhYzAzYy1zdW00ZzAtc3gxY3h4LTF0ZmprLnN2LnBsZWJhaS5uZXQiLAogICAgImFpZCI6IDIsCiAgICAiaG9zdCI6ICJicm9hZGNhc3Rsdi5jaGF0LmJpbGliaWxpLmNvbSIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNDkzOTZkOTgtZjRiNC0xMWVmLThjM2YtZjIzYzkxM2M4ZDJiIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDgwLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfh7rwn4e4VVMtMTk4LjIuMjQzLjUxLTA5MTYiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICIiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsCiAgICAic25pIjogIiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess: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ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJobXMyNi54cGVuZ21vdG9ycy5zYnMiLAogICAgImFpZCI6IDAsCiAgICAiaG9zdCI6ICJobXMyNi54cGVuZ21vdG9ycy5zYnMiLAogICAgImlkIjogImZiMGEyZGU2LWJmMDYtNGZmMC05N2NlLWMyMWFiY2RjMmQ1NSIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rd3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+Hq/Cfh7dGUi00NS4xNDUuMTY2LjIwOS01NTA3IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiaG1zMjYueHBlbmdtb3RvcnMuc2JzIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlNlx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmYSBBVS0xNTQuMjYuMTUzLjE2MToyMTc1OSIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTU0LjI2LjE1My4xNjEiLCAicG9ydCI6IDIxNzU5LCAiaWQiOiAiZTVmMTZmYWQtZjljMy00NTJiLThlNzEtYmM5NTA0ZTI5ZmM5IiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIiwgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIzOC4xNC4xMDcuMjI2IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiA2NCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogIiIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNDE4MDQ4YWYtYTI5My00Yjk5LTliMGMtOThjYTM1ODBkZDI0IiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL3BhdGgvMzQwNDM0MTMwMDMyIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogMzgwMDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+HuvCfh7hVUy0zOC4xNC4xMDcuMjI2LTU1MDMiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsCiAgICAic25pIjogIiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjEuMTguMjI3IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiamFoZmtqaGEuY2ZkIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICI5NTBkYjZhYS00OTI2LTQ2MTYtODE2ZS1lYzAzMTJkY2I4N2IiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfj4FSRUxBWS0xMDQuMjEuMTguMjI3LTc1NjEiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsCiAgICAic25pIjogIiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIwNmU2YjA3NS1zdW00ZzAtc3gxY3h4LTF0ZmprLmhrMy5wNXB2LmNvbSIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMiwKICAgICJob3N0IjogImJyb2FkY2FzdGx2LmNoYXQuYmlsaWJpbGkuY29tIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICI0OTM5NmQ5OC1mNGI0LTExZWYtOGMzZi1mMjNjOTEzYzhkMmIiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogODAsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+HrfCfh7BISy0xLjY1LjIwOC4xMjgtMjM0MSIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogIiIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAiYWRkIjogIjYyLjE0Ni4yMzIuMTUyIiwgInBvcnQiOiAzMzA2NCwgImlkIjogIjk0MmQ1NmU0LWNmNzItNGE3YS1hODdjLWY1NTVhMjcwZDc5YSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSIsICJwcyI6ICJcdWQ4M2RcdWRmZTNcdWQ4M2RcdWRkMjUrXHUwNmE5XHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2XHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ0K1x1MDYzM1x1MDYzMVx1MDY0OFx1MDYzMStcdTA2MzFcdTA2MjdcdTA2Y2NcdTA2YWZcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDYrQEZhcmFoVlBOIn0=Country = #Singapore(üá∏üá¨)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJobXMxOS5iZXN0LXRpemkudG9wIiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNjJhYTVmODAtMDMyOC00MDA0LWEzNzUtN2Y1YTU5ZGY0MDIyIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4ep8J+HqkRFLTkxLjE5NS4yNDAuMTItNzYwNyIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogZmFsc2UsCiAgICAic25pIjogImhtczE5LmJlc3QtdGl6aS50b3AiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJsb24yLWRhc2guOTMwLnBwLnVhIiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAibG9uMi1kYXNoLjkzMC5wcC51YSIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiYmM4NmY5NDktNzE1Mi00MzY3LTkyZjUtN2ExMWVhY2Y5YzliIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xvbjItc3ViLjkzMC5wcC51YSIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDIwOTYsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTEwNC4yMS41Ny4zOC01NTg1IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAibG9uMi1zdWIuOTMwLnBwLnVhIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxMDMuMTQ5LjE4My4xNzgiLCJhaWQiOiIwIiwiYWxwbiI6IiIsImZwIjoiIiwiaG9zdCI6IiIsImlkIjoiM2E5MDc5NTYtZjY2OC00ZTZiLWVhMDMtMDk0OWYwYzljMGE1IiwibmV0IjoidGNwIiwicGF0aCI6IiIsInBvcnQiOiI1NDY3NSIsInBzIjoi2LPYsdmI2LEg2LHYp9uM2q/Yp9mGINm+2LHYs9ix2LnYqvCfjIogQHZtZXNzX2lyIiwic2N5IjoiYXV0byIsInNuaSI6IiIsInRscyI6IiIsInR5cGUiOiJub25lIiwidiI6IjIifQ==ŸÖÿÆÿµŸàÿµ ŸáŸÖÿ±ÿßŸá ÿßŸàŸÑ Ÿà Ÿàÿß€åŸÅÿß€å‚úÖÿ≠ÿ™ŸÖÿß ÿ®Ÿá ÿßÿ¥ÿ™ÿ±ÿß⁄© ÿ®ÿ≤ÿßÿ±€åÿØ ‚úÖ@vmess_irüöÄüöÄüí¨üí¨üí¨üì∑üì∑üí¨üì∫üì∫üí¨üòçÿØÿ± ÿµŸàÿ±ÿ™ ÿßÿ™ÿµÿßŸÑ ÿ≠ÿ™ŸÖÿß ÿØÿ± ÿ±€å⁄©ÿ¥ŸÜ Ÿáÿß ÿ¥ÿ±⁄©ÿ™ ⁄©ŸÜ€åÿØüòç
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxODguMTE0Ljk3LjYiLCJhaWQiOiIwIiwiYWxwbiI6IiIsImhvc3QiOiJsaW5kZTA2LmluZGlhdmlkZW8uc2JzIiwiaWQiOiJlZGJiMTA1OS0xNjMzLTQyNzEtYjY2ZS1lZDRmYmE0N2ExYmYiLCJuZXQiOiJ3cyIsInBhdGgiOiIvbGlua3dzIiwicG9ydCI6IjQ0MyIsInBzIjoiW/Cfh6jwn4emXXQubWUvQ29uZmlnc0h1YiIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJzbmkiOiJsaW5kZTA2LmluZGlhdmlkZW8uc2JzIiwidGxzIjoidGxzIiwidHlwZSI6IiIsInYiOiIyIn0=œü ·¥õ·¥á ú Ä·¥Ä…¥ œü Íú± ú…™ Ä·¥Ä·¥¢ œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü ·¥ã·¥Ä Ä·¥Ä·¥ä œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #·¥Ñ·¥Ä…¥·¥Ä·¥Ö·¥Ä(·¥Ñ·¥Ä)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAidjkuaGVkdWlhbi5saW5rIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiMzA4MDkiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgImlkIjogImNiYjNmODc3LWQxZmItMzQ0Yy04N2E5LWQxNTNiZmZkNTQ4NCIsICJhaWQiOiAiMiIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvb29vbyIsICJob3N0IjogImJhaWR1LmNvbSIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIn0=Country = #China(üá®üá≥)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTA0LjIxLjExMi4xIiwgInYiOiAiMiIsICJwcyI6ICJcdWQ4M2RcdWRmZTNcdWQ4M2RcdWRkMjUrXHUwNmE5XHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2XHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ0K1x1MDYzM1x1MDYzMVx1MDY0OFx1MDYzMStcdTA2MzFcdTA2MjdcdTA2Y2NcdTA2YWZcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDYrQEZhcmFoVlBOIiwgInBvcnQiOiA4MCwgImlkIjogIjdmOGExYmI5LWJlZTAtNDBhOC1mOTA4LTIxYTY1ZGEwZjNjYyIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAidHlwZSI6ICIiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJ1czJ2bWVzcy5ybm1jbm0uY29tIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLzEyM3F3ZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIn0=Country = #US(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAia3IzLnR0Y2MudGVjaCIsICJwb3J0IjogIjQ0MyIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLCAiaWQiOiAiYjJkMTA2NzMtMjRjYy00Zjk2LWIxZjMtZGE4YjE3NTg5MDc3IiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLyJ9Country = #South_Korea(üá∞üá∑)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiNjIuMTQ2LjIzMi4xNTMiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAiYWxwbiI6ICIiLCAiZnAiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjEzZTEzYTNlLWU5ODEtNGVlYS1hOWZjLTEzZTUwNjI4ZmQ5YiIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiNTMxNDQiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OQSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZjhcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZWMgU0ctNjIuMTQ2LjIzMi4xNTM6NTMxNDQiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAic25pIjogIiIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ2IjogIjIifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTA0LjE5LjQ4LjIzNiIsICJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVdTLU5BIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGZmNFx1MjAwZFx1MjYyMFx1ZmUwZiBOQS0xMDQuMTkuNDguMjM2OjIwODIiLCAicG9ydCI6IDIwODIsICJpZCI6ICI0YjM2NjI1Yy1iOWQ5LTNlYTYtYWVkNS04NmQ2MmM3MGUxNmQiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiMTAwLTU5LTE3OC0yNDcuczQuY24tZGIudG9wIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiL2RhYmFpLmluMTA0LjE5LjEwMS4xMTAiLCAidGxzIjogIiJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiNTEuODEuMjAzLjU3IiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgImFscG4iOiAiIiwgImZwIjogIiIsICJob3N0IjogIiIsICJpZCI6ICIxNzg0NDk3ZC0wM2ExLTQwYmItYmI4Yi1kZTRmZmFjN2M1OWMiLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJwYXRoIjogIiIsICJwb3J0IjogIjI4ODYwIiwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGQxMiBWTS1UQ1AtTk9ORSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZmFcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZjggVVMtNTEuODEuMjAzLjU3OjI4ODYwIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNuaSI6ICIiLCAidGxzIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInYiOiAiMiJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMzguNDguMjI3LjIzMSIsICJhaWQiOiA2NCwgImhvc3QiOiAid3d3LjQyMjY2NDUxLnh5eiIsICJpZCI6ICI0MTgwNDhhZi1hMjkzLTRiOTktOWIwYy05OGNhMzU4MGRkMjQiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiL3BhdGgvMjQwODExMDYyODEzIiwgInBvcnQiOiA0Nzc3OCwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGQxMiBWTS1XUy1UTFMgXHVkODNjXHVkZGZhXHVkODNjXHVkZGY4IFVTLTM4LjQ4LjIyNy4yMzE6NDc3NzgiLCAidGxzIjogInRscyIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogZmFsc2UsICJzbmkiOiAid3d3LjQyMjY2NDUxLnh5eiJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJsb24xLWRhc2guODkwNjk5Lnh5eiIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogImxvbjEtc3ViLjg5MDY5OS54eXoiLAogICAgImlkIjogIjQxOTYzZTZiLTI5NWQtNDVhMC1iNmNjLTM4ZmJkZDNlM2Y3NSIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9sb24xLXN1Yi44OTA2OTkueHl6IiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogODQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTA0LjIxLjQ4LjEtMDc0OSIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OQSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZThcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZjMgQ04tMTgzLjIzNi41MS4zNjo1OTAwMyIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTgzLjIzNi41MS4zNiIsICJwb3J0IjogIjU5MDAzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJpZCI6ICI0MTgwNDhhZi1hMjkzLTRiOTktOWIwYy05OGNhMzU4MGRkMjQiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJwYXRoIjogIi8iLCAiaG9zdCI6ICIiLCAidGxzIjogIiJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlNiBDQS02Ny4yMjAuOTQuMTk2OjQ3OTQxIiwgImFkZCI6ICI2Ny4yMjAuOTQuMTk2IiwgInBvcnQiOiA0Nzk0MSwgImlkIjogIjRiZTQ0MTgwLTI1ZjktNDUyZi1hYjZiLWJlMDc1OGNlZjJiNiIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZX0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNzIuNjcuMTc5LjE5OSIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogImxpbmRlMDYuaW5kaWF2aWRlby5zYnMiLAogICAgImlkIjogImVkYmIxMDU5LTE2MzMtNDI3MS1iNjZlLWVkNGZiYTQ3YTFiZiIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rd3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTE3Mi42Ny4xNzkuMTk5LTc1MjIiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsCiAgICAic25pIjogIiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxODguMTE0Ljk2LjUiLAogICAgImFpZCI6IDAsCiAgICAiaG9zdCI6ICJsaW5kZTA2LmluZGlhdmlkZW8uc2JzIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICJlZGJiMTA1OS0xNjMzLTQyNzEtYjY2ZS1lZDRmYmE0N2ExYmYiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfj4FSRUxBWS0xODguMTE0Ljk2LjUtNzU1OSIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogZmFsc2UsCiAgICAic25pIjogImxpbmRlMDYuaW5kaWF2aWRlby5zYnMiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVJBVy1OQSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZjhcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZWMgU0ctNjIuMTQ2LjIzMy4xMTI6MzY3MTIiLCAiYWRkIjogIjYyLjE0Ni4yMzMuMTEyIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiMzY3MTIiLCAiaWQiOiAiOTI2NmRmNDItMDgzMC00OGMyLTg1MDktNGM1N2IzMGZlMjlkIiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJyYXciLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJxdWl6LmludC52aWRpby5jb20iLAogICAgImFpZCI6IDAsCiAgICAiaG9zdCI6ICJzZXJ2MS5pZGtzMS53ZWIuaWQiLAogICAgImlkIjogIjljN2M3MDM5LWE1ZjEtNDdiMi05MjI1LWNiYjViZjAzYjllNiIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi92bWVzcyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTA0LjIyLjQuMjQwLTA3MzAiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJzZXJ2MS5pZGtzMS53ZWIuaWQiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMS42NS4yMDQuMjExIiwgImFpZCI6IDIsICJob3N0IjogImJyb2FkY2FzdGx2LmNoYXQuYmlsaWJpbGkuY29tIiwgImlkIjogIjQ5Mzk2ZDk4LWY0YjQtMTFlZi04YzNmLWYyM2M5MTNjOGQyYiIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgInBvcnQiOiA4MCwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGQxMiBWTS1XUy1OQSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZWRcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZjAgSEstMS42NS4yMDQuMjExOjgwIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLCAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsICJzbmkiOiAiIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxMDQuMTkuMTUwLjEwIiwiYWlkIjoiMCIsImFscG4iOiIiLCJmcCI6IiIsImhvc3QiOiJtY2kubXRuLmlyLmNvbS5vcmcubmV0Lm9tMi5tdXNpY2ZhMTIzLmlyLiIsImlkIjoiOTRmMzMyYjAtYzVkMy00NTMxLWExZDYtNmU2MzU4Y2M2YzcyIiwibmV0IjoiaHR0cHVwZ3JhZGUiLCJwYXRoIjoiL2QzZDNMbWx5WVc1b2IzTjBMbU52YlFcdTAwM2RcdTAwM2Q/ZWRcdTAwM2QyNTYwIiwicG9ydCI6IjIwOTUiLCJwcyI6Itiz2LHZiNixINix2KfbjNqv2KfZhiDZvtix2LPYsdi52Krwn4yKIEB2bWVzc19pciIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJ0bHMiOiIiLCJ0eXBlIjoiLS0tIiwidiI6IjIifQ==ŸÖÿÆÿµŸàÿµ ÿß€åÿ±ÿßŸÜÿ≥ŸÑ Ÿà ÿ±ÿß€åÿ™ŸÑ‚úÖÿ≠ÿ™ŸÖÿß ÿ®Ÿá ÿßÿ¥ÿ™ÿ±ÿß⁄© ÿ®ÿ≤ÿßÿ±€åÿØ ‚úÖ@vmess_irüöÄüöÄüí¨üí¨üí¨üì∑üì∑üí¨üì∫üì∫üí¨üòçÿØÿ± ÿµŸàÿ±ÿ™ ÿßÿ™ÿµÿßŸÑ ÿ≠ÿ™ŸÖÿß ÿØÿ± ÿ±€å⁄©ÿ¥ŸÜ Ÿáÿß ÿ¥ÿ±⁄©ÿ™ ⁄©ŸÜ€åÿØüòç
vmess: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Country = #US(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMjMuMTYyLjE1Mi4xNzUiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAiYWxwbiI6ICIiLCAiZnAiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjI4YmJiOWZmLWEwNzYtNDVhOS1iYTdiLTk1ZjhhNmMzNzFjNCIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiNTYzOTkiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYlx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmNyBGUi0yMy4xNjIuMTUyLjE3NTo1NjM5OSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzbmkiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ2IjogIjIifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYlx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmNyBGUi0yMy4xNjIuMTUyLjExMToyNTk1MSIsICJhZGQiOiAiMjMuMTYyLjE1Mi4xMTEiLCAicG9ydCI6IDI1OTUxLCAiaWQiOiAiZTdhYzcxOGEtMTc1MS00ODljLTgyMDUtMjQyMjkyNTliNDEwIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIiwgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTIwLjE5OC43MS4yMTkiLCAicG9ydCI6ICI0MjM1NSIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAiaWQiOiAiNDE4MDQ4YWYtYTI5My00Yjk5LTliMGMtOThjYTM1ODBkZDI0IiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICIifQ==Country = #China(üá®üá≥)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiZGUwMS5zaC1jbG91ZGZsYXJlLnNicyIsICJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJwb3J0IjogMjA5NiwgImlkIjogIjc1YTA4ODVmLTBjYTUtNDJhNC04NjUxLTM5MWNmODE5MzE1NCIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAidHlwZSI6ICIiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJkZTAxLnNoLWNsb3VkZmxhcmUuc2JzIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIn0=Country = #US(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlZVx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmMyBJTi05NC4xMzYuMTg0LjE1NTozOTI1MyIsICJhZGQiOiAiOTQuMTM2LjE4NC4xNTUiLCAicG9ydCI6IDM5MjUzLCAiaWQiOiAiNjliNDlhMzUtY2Y1NS00ZDE0LTlmMmItZDdjZTNhMGRiNzJlIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIiwgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTk0LjIzMy43Mi4yMjgiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICIiLCAiaWQiOiAiMTY1MDkyNjItZGJlMi00M2JhLTk5Y2UtMDc5MTNkMmExOGI0IiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIiLCAicG9ydCI6ICIyNzU3NSIsICJwcyI6ICJcdWQ4M2RcdWRkMTIgVk0tVENQLU5BIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYyBTRy0xOTQuMjMzLjcyLjIyODoyNzU3NSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzbmkiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAidHlwZSI6ICIiLCAidiI6ICIyIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICI1MS43OS4xMDIuMjUzIiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiNTEuNzkuMTAyLjI1MyIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNThmZTE1NDItNTI5MC00MGFkLTgxNWEtNzc3MDdhODFhZmU1IiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL0lPZWJoTE1obDFDVGJGSGJMOTVteWZSWDIiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA4MCwKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4eo8J+HpkNBLTUxLjc5LjEwMi4yNTMtMTE0OCIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogIiIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess: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ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiI4OS4xOC41OC43MSIsImFpZCI6IjAiLCJhbHBuIjoiIiwiZnAiOiIiLCJob3N0IjoiIiwiaWQiOiJkMTNmYzJmNS0zZTA1LTQ3OTUtODFlYi00NDE0M2EwOWU1NTIiLCJuZXQiOiJ0Y3AiLCJwYXRoIjoiIiwicG9ydCI6IjE4MCIsInBzIjoiW/Cfj4FddC5tZS9Db25maWdzSHViIiwic2N5IjoiYXV0byIsInNuaSI6IiIsInRscyI6IiIsInR5cGUiOiJub25lIiwidiI6IjIifQ==œü ·¥õ·¥á ú Ä·¥Ä…¥ œü Íú± ú…™ Ä·¥Ä·¥¢ œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü ·¥ã·¥Ä Ä·¥Ä·¥ä œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #·¥Ñ Ä·¥è·¥Ä·¥õ…™·¥Ä( ú Ä)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiI4OS4xOC41OC42MyIsImFpZCI6IjAiLCJhbHBuIjoiIiwiZnAiOiIiLCJob3N0IjoiIiwiaWQiOiJkMTNmYzJmNS0zZTA1LTQ3OTUtODFlYi00NDE0M2EwOWU1NTIiLCJuZXQiOiJ0Y3AiLCJwYXRoIjoiIiwicG9ydCI6IjE4MCIsInBzIjoiW/Cfj4FddC5tZS9Db25maWdzSHViIiwic2N5IjoiYXV0byIsInNuaSI6IiIsInRscyI6IiIsInR5cGUiOiJub25lIiwidiI6IjIifQ==œü ·¥õ·¥á ú Ä·¥Ä…¥ œü Íú± ú…™ Ä·¥Ä·¥¢ œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü ·¥ã·¥Ä Ä·¥Ä·¥ä œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #·¥Ñ Ä·¥è·¥Ä·¥õ…™·¥Ä( ú Ä)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTUyLjY3LjI1MS4yMzIiLCAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywgImFpZCI6IDAsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLCAiaWQiOiAiZTUzN2YyZjUtMmEwYy00ZjU5LTkyYzktODMyY2E2NDMzYmYzIiwgInNuaSI6ICJpcnZpZGVvLmNmZCIsICJob3N0IjogImlydmlkZW8uY2ZkIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyJ9Country = #United_States(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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Country = #Canada(üá®üá¶)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjoiMiIsInBzIjoiRC1ZRUxMT1ctNDM0IiwiYWRkIjoiMTU5LjY1LjQ0Ljk4IiwicG9ydCI6Ijg4ODEiLCJpZCI6ImRiNWFmYWU0LWFjMjMtNDFhNi04Mzc4LWYzMDdhOWE0NzQzNiIsImFpZCI6IjAiLCJzY3kiOiJhdXRvIiwibmV0IjoidGNwIiwidHlwZSI6Imh0dHAiLCJob3N0IjoibWloYW53ZWJob3N0LmNvbSIsInBhdGgiOiIvIiwidGxzIjoibm9uZSIsInNuaSI6IiIsImFscG4iOiIifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAiYWRkIjogIjQ2LjguNjguMjEyIiwgInBvcnQiOiAyNDUyOSwgImlkIjogIjcwYzZjYmFhLWEzOTUtNDAxNC04Mjg2LWI0NDdkMWYzMTZjMyIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSIsICJwcyI6ICJcdWQ4M2RcdWRkMTIgVk0tVENQLU5PTkUgXHVkODNjXHVkZGYzXHVkODNjXHVkZGYxIE5MLTQ2LjguNjguMjEyOjI0NTI5In0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess: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 = #Canada(üá®üá¶)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OQSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZWRcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZjAgSEstMzUuMjIwLjIzMC4yNTE6MzAyNTEiLCAiYWRkIjogIjM1LjIyMC4yMzAuMjUxIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiMzAyNTEiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgImlkIjogIjg2YzljMTE5LWM0NmQtNDVhOS04MmE2LTc1YTg4NmU1ZTc5NSIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsICJob3N0IjogIiIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTI3LjAuMC4xIiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogImJhYWFjY2ItYWJhYy1jYmFhLWJhZGMtY2FiYmFjYmJjYWFjIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIiLCAicG9ydCI6IDIwODAsICJwcyI6ICJcdWQ4M2VcdWRkMTYgVEVMRUdSQU0tQ0hBTk5FTCBcdWQ4M2RcdWRjYTEgTkVVUk9WQU5DRSBcdWQ4M2VcdWRkZTAiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAic25pIjogIiIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiIiwgInYiOiAiMiJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTkyLjkuMTQ4LjY0IiwgImFpZCI6IDAsICJob3N0IjogIm9yYS5haWhpLnVrIiwgImlkIjogIjk3OWUzOWQ3LWZkZjgtNGU1MS1hZmI2LTRkMTgxYzU2MTcwZiIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvcmF5IiwgInBvcnQiOiA4MDg4LCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVdTLVRMUyBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZmFcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZjggVVMtMTkyLjkuMTQ4LjY0OjgwODgiLCAidGxzIjogInRscyIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwgInNuaSI6ICJvcmEuYWloaS51ayIsICJhbGxvd2luc2VjdXJlIjogMX0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJueTItZGFzaC45MzAucHAudWEiLAogICAgImFpZCI6IDAsCiAgICAiaG9zdCI6ICJueTItc3ViLjkzMC5wcC51YSIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiZjA4MmVlY2EtZTA2OC00NWY5LWQxYmYtNDZlOWRlOWJkZjU3IiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL255Mi1zdWIuOTMwLnBwLnVhIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogMjA5NiwKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTcyLjY3LjE4OS4yNy0wOTE3IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICIiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OQSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZWNcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZTcgR0ItMTcyLjk5LjE5MC4yMDc6NTU1NzciLCAiYWRkIjogIjE3Mi45OS4xOTAuMjA3IiwgInBvcnQiOiAiNTU1NzciLCAiaWQiOiAiZTkyMmQ0ODUtOThhNy00NzVhLTlhNDctY2RlMzcyMmFjODJlIiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAic25pIjogIiIsICJ0ZXN0X25hbWUiOiAiNiJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxNzIuNjcuMTcwLjEwMyIsImFpZCI6IjAiLCJhbHBuIjoiaDMiLCJmcCI6ImNocm9tZSIsImhvc3QiOiJnbHdlaWRmLnNicyIsImlkIjoiNzYyMjFiZmItZTkyZi00ZTgwLTgxYzUtNmZlNDhmNTBhYzBiIiwibmV0Ijoid3MiLCJwYXRoIjoiL2xpbmt3cyIsInBvcnQiOiI0NDMiLCJwcyI6Ilvwn4eo8J+Hpl10Lm1lL0NvbmZpZ3NIdWIiLCJzY3kiOiJhdXRvIiwic25pIjoiZ2x3ZWlkZi5zYnMiLCJ0bHMiOiJ0bHMiLCJ0eXBlIjoiIiwidiI6IjIifQ==œü ·¥õ·¥á ú Ä·¥Ä…¥ œü Íú± ú…™ Ä·¥Ä·¥¢ œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü ·¥ã·¥Ä Ä·¥Ä·¥ä œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #·¥Ñ·¥Ä…¥·¥Ä·¥Ö·¥Ä(·¥Ñ·¥Ä)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTIwLjE5OC43MS4yMTQiLCAicG9ydCI6ICIzNDA5MyIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAiaWQiOiAiNDE4MDQ4YWYtYTI5My00Yjk5LTliMGMtOThjYTM1ODBkZDI0IiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICIifQ==Country = #China(üá®üá≥)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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 = #Canada(üá®üá¶)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiNDYuMjUwLjI1My4yMzQiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAiYWxwbiI6ICIiLCAiZnAiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjc2MmIzOTIzLTU4ODUtNGM1Zi04ODZmLWU2Mjc4ODUxMjMzOCIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiMjg4NzIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzbmkiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAidHlwZSI6ICIiLCAidiI6ICIyIn0=Country = #Japan(üáØüáµ)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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 = #Canada(üá®üá¶)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjYuMC45NSIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogIm9iZGlpLmNmZCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiMDU2NDFjZjUtNThkMi00YmE0LWE5ZjEtYjNjZGEwYjFmYjFkIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTA0LjI2LjAuOTUtNzQ3MCIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogZmFsc2UsCiAgICAic25pIjogIm9iZGlpLmNmZCIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMzEuMTI5LjEwNS4yMzkiLCAiYWlkIjogMCwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjc5M2UwM2NjLTJiMDgtNGQxYi1iYjBiLTU5MjU2N2QxOTA0MyIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgInBvcnQiOiAxNjIzMSwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGQxMiBWTS1XUy1OQSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZjdcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZmEgUlUtMzEuMTI5LjEwNS4yMzk6MTYyMzEiLCAidGxzIjogIiIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwgInNuaSI6ICIifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OQSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZWZcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZjUgSlAtMTMuMjMwLjIzNS4yNDc6NDg4ODkiLCAiYWRkIjogIjEzLjIzMC4yMzUuMjQ3IiwgInBvcnQiOiAiNDg4ODkiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgImlkIjogImMxMzBjYjM2LWM5M2YtNGJlNy05MjI4LWE3YTk3ZDQzODg1YSIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsICJob3N0IjogImd5LnlvdWFyZW15Z29kLnRvcCIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlNiBDQS0yMy4xNjIuMjAwLjkxOjIwMTgyIiwgImFkZCI6ICIyMy4xNjIuMjAwLjkxIiwgInBvcnQiOiAyMDE4MiwgImlkIjogImNjOWI2NmI3LTFkZTctNGFhOS05NjQyLTU3NWE4YWUzZmYxOSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNzIuNjcuMTUzLjE1NiIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogInVzd3V4aWFuLnBhaTUwMjg4LnVrIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICJjMzEzNjA2Zi05OGMyLTRkN2ItYmE3NC00OGI5NGY2MWIxMWQiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogODQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTcyLjY3LjE1My4xNTYtMDMwNyIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmYVx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOCBVUy01MS44MS4yMDMuNTc6Mjg4NjAiLCAiYWRkIjogIjUxLjgxLjIwMy41NyIsICJwb3J0IjogMjg4NjAsICJpZCI6ICIxNzg0NDk3ZC0wM2ExLTQwYmItYmI4Yi1kZTRmZmFjN2M1OWMiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogIm5vbmUifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjEuOTQuMTY4IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNjJhYTVmODAtMDMyOC00MDA0LWEzNzUtN2Y1YTU5ZGY0MDIyIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTA0LjIxLjk0LjE2OC03NDQ4IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICIiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYyBTRy02Mi4xNDYuMjMzLjExMjozNjcxMiIsICJhZGQiOiAiNjIuMTQ2LjIzMy4xMTIiLCAicG9ydCI6IDM2NzEyLCAiaWQiOiAiOTI2NmRmNDItMDgzMC00OGMyLTg1MDktNGM1N2IzMGZlMjlkIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNzIuNjcuNzEuMTYwIiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAib2JkaWkuY2ZkIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICIwNTY0MWNmNS01OGQyLTRiYTQtYTlmMS1iM2NkYTBiMWZiMWQiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfj4FSRUxBWS0xNzIuNjcuNzEuMTYwLTc0NzkiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJvYmRpaS5jZmQiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMzguMTQuMTA3LjIyNSIsICJwb3J0IjogMzgwMDMsICJhaWQiOiA2NCwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogInRscyIsICJpZCI6ICI0MTgwNDhhZi1hMjkzLTRiOTktOWIwYy05OGNhMzU4MGRkMjQiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJ3d3cuMjMxNzk3NTMueHl6IiwgInBhdGgiOiAiL3BhdGgvMTgxNzIxMjcyMTE0In0=Country = #United_States(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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 = #France(üá´üá∑)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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 = #France(üá´üá∑)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTU0LjgzLjIuOTAiLCAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywgImFpZCI6IDAsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLCAiaWQiOiAiOTUwZGI2YWEtNDkyNi00NjE2LTgxNmUtZWMwMzEyZGNiODdiIiwgInNuaSI6ICJqYWhma2poYS5jZmQiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJqYWhma2poYS5jZmQiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIn0=Country = #Seychelles(üá∏üá®)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiYWZyaG1zMTZ2LmJlc3R4cmF5LmJ1enoiLCAiYWlkIjogMCwgImhvc3QiOiAiYWZyaG1zMTZ2LmJlc3R4cmF5LmJ1enoiLCAiaWQiOiAiZjU4NGRlMTUtMjAzNC00MTcwLWE3MjMtZjQ4YzJiYWU1ZTBmIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rd3MiLCAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGZlM1x1ZDgzZFx1ZGQyNStcdTA2YTlcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDZcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDQrXHUwNjMzXHUwNjMxXHUwNjQ4XHUwNjMxK1x1MDYzMVx1MDYyN1x1MDZjY1x1MDZhZlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NitARmFyYWhWUE4iLCAidGxzIjogInRscyIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogZmFsc2UsICJzbmkiOiAiYWZyaG1zMTZ2LmJlc3R4cmF5LmJ1enoifQ==Country = #France(üá´üá∑)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNzIuNjcuMTMxLjE3IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNjJhYTVmODAtMDMyOC00MDA0LWEzNzUtN2Y1YTU5ZGY0MDIyIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTcyLjY3LjEzMS4xNy03NDM2IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlY1x1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlNyBHQi0xNDkuNy4xNi4xNDk6MzcxMDEiLCAiYWRkIjogIjE0OS43LjE2LjE0OSIsICJwb3J0IjogMzcxMDEsICJpZCI6ICJmYjNmYzI0My00Njk4LTQ5YzQtOGM0NC0wNDE1ZjY4YTRkMjUiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogIm5vbmUifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMTcuMjEzLjU3IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAieG1pdmlkZW8uY2ZkIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICI5M2VhNDg2YS1iYWRhLTQyYTQtYWMzOC1kMDg4YjMyMGZhMWUiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfj4FSRUxBWS0xMDQuMTcuMjEzLjU3LTc0NDMiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJ4bWl2aWRlby5jZmQiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlNiBDQS02Ny4yMjAuOTQuMTM3OjU3MTIzIiwgImFkZCI6ICI2Ny4yMjAuOTQuMTM3IiwgInBvcnQiOiA1NzEyMywgImlkIjogImI0ZDNhODFiLWVjMGUtNGEyNy1hMzU5LTZkZWEwYzRmMWY3NSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmM1x1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmMSBOTC0xODUuMjIxLjIxOS4yMDo0Nzg1NiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTg1LjIyMS4yMTkuMjAiLCAicG9ydCI6IDQ3ODU2LCAiaWQiOiAiMDY1MDE2MTQtMmNkZS00NTg5LWI3NWYtOGRmODk1ZTY1YjNjIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIyMy4xNTguNTYuMTg0IiwiYWlkIjoiMCIsImFscG4iOiIiLCJmcCI6IiIsImhvc3QiOiIiLCJpZCI6IjA0NjIxYmFlLWFiMzYtMTFlYy1iOTA5LTAyNDJhYzEyMDAwMiIsIm5ldCI6InRjcCIsInBhdGgiOiIiLCJwb3J0IjoiMjIzMjQiLCJwcyI6Itqp2KfZhtmB24zaryDZvtix2LPYsdi52Kog2LHYp9uM2q/Yp9mG8J+Mi0B2bWVzYyIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJ0bHMiOiIiLCJ0eXBlIjoibm9uZSIsInYiOiIyIn0=‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚ù• MciFree serviceüëáüëáüëáüëáüëá‚úÖ @vmesc
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTY5LjE1MC4yMDguODMiLCAicG9ydCI6IDE4MDAwLCAiYWlkIjogMCwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAiaWQiOiAiZjhjOGRjM2QtMGQzNy00NmIwLThiMzQtYTcyMzI4ODJmY2ZlIn0=Country = #Sweden(üá∏üá™)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTQ5LjcuMTYuMTQ5IiwgInBvcnQiOiAzNzEwMSwgImlkIjogImZiM2ZjMjQzLTQ2OTgtNDljNC04YzQ0LTA0MTVmNjhhNGQyNSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9Country = #United_Kingdom(üá¨üáß)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiNTcuMTI5LjI0LjE0MSIsICJwb3J0IjogIjQ0MyIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAiaWQiOiAiMDNmY2M2MTgtYjkzZC02Nzk2LTZhZWQtOGEzOGM5NzVkNTgxIiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rdndzIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMifQ==Country = #Germany(üá©üá™)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAidXMydm1lc3Mucm5tY25tLmNvbSIsICJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJwb3J0IjogODAsICJpZCI6ICI3ZjhhMWJiOS1iZWUwLTQwYTgtZjkwOC0yMWE2NWRhMGYzY2MiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLzEyM3F3ZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIn0=Country = #US(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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 = #Germany(üá©üá™)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJQYXJzVmRzLmlyIiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiZ2x3ZWlkZi5zYnMiLAogICAgImlkIjogIjc2MjIxYmZiLWU5MmYtNGU4MC04MWM1LTZmZTQ4ZjUwYWMwYiIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rd3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTEwNC4yMS45NC4xNjgtMTEzOSIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTA0LjIxLjE2LjEiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAiYWxwbiI6ICIiLCAiZnAiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjdmOGExYmI5LWJlZTAtNDBhOC1mOTA4LTIxYTY1ZGEwZjNjYyIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvMTIzcXdlIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiODAiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVdTLU5BIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGZmNFx1MjAwZFx1MjYyMFx1ZmUwZiBOQS0xMDQuMjEuMTYuMTo4MCIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzbmkiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAidHlwZSI6ICItLS0iLCAidiI6ICIyIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIyMy4xNjIuMjAwLjIyNyIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogIiIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiMDNmY2M2MTgtYjkzZC02Nzk2LTZhZWQtOGEzOGM5NzVkNTgxIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt2d3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+HqPCfh6ZDQS0yMy4xNjIuMjAwLjIyNy03NDQ3IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICIiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxODguMTE0Ljk3Ljc5IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAibGluZGUwNi5pbmRpYXZpZGVvLnNicyIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiZWRiYjEwNTktMTYzMy00MjcxLWI2NmUtZWQ0ZmJhNDdhMWJmIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTg4LjExNC45Ny43OS03NDQwIiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAibGluZGUwNi5pbmRpYXZpZGVvLnNicyIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTA0LjIxLjk2LjEiLCAiYWlkIjogMCwgImhvc3QiOiAiZGUwMS5zaC1jbG91ZGZsYXJlLnNicyIsICJpZCI6ICI3NWEwODg1Zi0wY2E1LTQyYTQtODY1MS0zOTFjZjgxOTMxNTQiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsICJwb3J0IjogMjA5NiwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGQxMiBWTS1XUy1UTFMgXHVkODNjXHVkZmY0XHUyMDBkXHUyNjIwXHVmZTBmIE5BLTEwNC4yMS45Ni4xOjIwOTYiLCAidGxzIjogInRscyIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwgInNuaSI6ICJkZTAxLnNoLWNsb3VkZmxhcmUuc2JzIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjoiMiIsInBzIjoiRC1GQUlUSC02MjI3IiwiYWRkIjoiMTY3LjcxLjI1MC4xMTUiLCJwb3J0IjoiODg4MSIsImlkIjoiZGI1YWZhZTQtYWMyMy00MWE2LTgzNzgtZjMwN2E5YTQ3NDM2IiwiYWlkIjoiMCIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJuZXQiOiJ0Y3AiLCJ0eXBlIjoiaHR0cCIsImhvc3QiOiJtb2kuaXIiLCJwYXRoIjoiLyIsInRscyI6Im5vbmUiLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJhbHBuIjoiIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess: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 = #Moldova(üá≤üá©)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYyBTRy0xNTQuMjYuMTM3LjQyOjQ0MTA0IiwgImFkZCI6ICIxNTQuMjYuMTM3LjQyIiwgInBvcnQiOiA0NDEwNCwgImlkIjogImU5OTMzYTRjLWU1NmUtNDU4Yy1iY2Y0LTljYjM4NzViYmE1NSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmM1x1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmMSBOTC0xNzIuOTkuMTg4LjE5MDo0NzkyNSIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTcyLjk5LjE4OC4xOTAiLCAicG9ydCI6IDQ3OTI1LCAiaWQiOiAiZjU4ZmZkYTItM2VmYy00OWE1LTkwNDctZjhjMmY5M2M1NzVkIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYlx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmNyBGUi0zOC4xMDkuMjI4LjE2MzoyNzA2MCIsICJhZGQiOiAiMzguMTA5LjIyOC4xNjMiLCAicG9ydCI6IDI3MDYwLCAiaWQiOiAiNzFkYTQwYjktYzIwZS00YTZlLTgwY2ItYzgxNDFmNjkzNTI2IiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNTIuNjcuMjUxLjIzMiIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogImlydmlkZW8uY2ZkIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICJlNTM3ZjJmNS0yYTBjLTRmNTktOTJjOS04MzJjYTY0MzNiZjMiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfh7rwn4e4VVMtMTUyLjY3LjI1MS4yMzItNzQzNSIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogZmFsc2UsCiAgICAic25pIjogImlydmlkZW8uY2ZkIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiJhbGlwLmNvbSIsImFpZCI6IjAiLCJhbHBuIjoiIiwiZnAiOiIiLCJob3N0IjoiIiwiaWQiOiJiNGMxZGQ2Mi1mMGRkLTRhNmYtOGU4NS1lNDI5M2EzMzgxODciLCJuZXQiOiJ0Y3AiLCJwYXRoIjoiIiwicG9ydCI6Ijg2NDMiLCJwcyI6Ilvwn4+BXXQubWUvQ29uZmlnc0h1YiIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJ0bHMiOiIiLCJ0eXBlIjoibm9uZSIsInYiOiIyIn0=œü ·¥õ·¥á ú Ä·¥Ä…¥ œü Íú± ú…™ Ä·¥Ä·¥¢ œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü ·¥ã·¥Ä Ä·¥Ä·¥ä œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: # ô Ä…™·¥õ…™s ú·¥†…™ Ä…¢…™…¥…™s ü·¥Ä…¥·¥Ös(·¥†…¢)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiNjUuMTA5LjE5Mi4yNDQiLCAicG9ydCI6IDI5ODc4LCAiaWQiOiAiNDJjZjZhMmEtZmM1Yy00MjJjLTg4YzQtYzJjZTE3MmEyMWE2IiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=Country = #Finland(üá´üáÆ)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiNDYuMjkuMTY2LjIzNyIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJhbHBuIjogIiIsICJmcCI6ICIiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICIiLCAiaWQiOiAiMGM0OWNkMTktMjc1OC00ZDM4LWU2YTgtMTFmMmQ2NjM1ODYwIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIiLCAicG9ydCI6ICI0NzU1NSIsICJwcyI6ICJcdWQ4M2RcdWRmZTNcdWQ4M2RcdWRkMjUrXHUwNmE5XHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2XHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ0K1x1MDYzM1x1MDYzMVx1MDY0OFx1MDYzMStcdTA2MzFcdTA2MjdcdTA2Y2NcdTA2YWZcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDYrQEZhcmFoVlBOIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNuaSI6ICIiLCAidGxzIjogIiIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidiI6ICIyIn0=Country = #Russia(üá∑üá∫)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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Country = #Poland(üáµüá±)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAicHEtYnJhemlsMS4wOXZwbi5jb20iLCAicG9ydCI6ICI4MCIsICJpZCI6ICJjMDRjM2IzNC03MGZkLTRmZWMtOTYzZS1jMTJkMDlmMzZiZWYiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgImhvc3QiOiAicHEtYnJhemlsMS4wOXZwbi5jb20iLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvdm1lc3MvIn0=Country = #Brazil(üáßüá∑)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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Country = #Spain(üá™üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiNjUuMTA5LjE5Mi4yNDQiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAiYWxwbiI6ICIiLCAiZnAiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjg3MGFhZGZmLTNlYWMtNGQ5Zi1hMjFhLWMxYTAxNjY0YThjOCIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiNTI2MzUiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzbmkiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ2IjogIjIifQ==Country = #Finland(üá´üáÆ)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxODguMTE0Ljk5LjE4MyIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogImxpbmRlMDYuaW5kaWF2aWRlby5zYnMiLAogICAgImlkIjogImVkYmIxMDU5LTE2MzMtNDI3MS1iNjZlLWVkNGZiYTQ3YTFiZiIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rd3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTE4OC4xMTQuOTkuMTgzLTc0MjAiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJsaW5kZTA2LmluZGlhdmlkZW8uc2JzIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYyBTRy02Mi4xNDYuMjMyLjE1Nzo1Mjg1NiIsICJhZGQiOiAiNjIuMTQ2LjIzMi4xNTciLCAicG9ydCI6IDUyODU2LCAiaWQiOiAiZWQ1NGUzODgtYmZjNS00YjM2LWFlNGQtOGIzY2Q0NjBkM2Q0IiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIiwgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjEuOTQuMTY4IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNjJhYTVmODAtMDMyOC00MDA0LWEzNzUtN2Y1YTU5ZGY0MDIyIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTA0LjIxLjk0LjE2OC03NDU5IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICIiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess: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Country = #United_States(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIzOC4xNC4xMDcuMjI1IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiA2NCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogInd3dy4yMzE3OTc1My54eXoiLAogICAgImlkIjogIjQxODA0OGFmLWEyOTMtNGI5OS05YjBjLTk4Y2EzNTgwZGQyNCIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9wYXRoLzE4MTcyMTI3MjExNCIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDM4MDAzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfh7rwn4e4VVMtMzguMTQuMTA3LjIyNS03NDk4IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICIiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjEuMTguMjI3IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiamFoZmtqaGEuY2ZkIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICI5NTBkYjZhYS00OTI2LTQ2MTYtODE2ZS1lYzAzMTJkY2I4N2IiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfj4FSRUxBWS0xMDQuMjEuMTguMjI3LTc1MjAiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsCiAgICAic25pIjogIiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjoiMiIsInBzIjoiRC1GT1gtMjA4OCIsImFkZCI6IjEzOC4xOTcuMS4yMjIiLCJwb3J0IjoiODg4MSIsImlkIjoiZGI1YWZhZTQtYWMyMy00MWE2LTgzNzgtZjMwN2E5YTQ3NDM2IiwiYWlkIjoiMCIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJuZXQiOiJ0Y3AiLCJ0eXBlIjoiaHR0cCIsImhvc3QiOiJtb2kuaXIiLCJwYXRoIjoiLyIsInRscyI6Im5vbmUiLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJhbHBuIjoiIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxODUuMTQ2LjE3My4xNTgiLCJhaWQiOiIwIiwiYWxwbiI6IiIsImZwIjoiIiwiaG9zdCI6ImphaGZramhhLmNmZCIsImlkIjoiOTUwZGI2YWEtNDkyNi00NjE2LTgxNmUtZWMwMzEyZGNiODdiIiwibmV0Ijoid3MiLCJwYXRoIjoiL2xpbmt3cyIsInBvcnQiOiI0NDMiLCJwcyI6Ilvwn4e48J+Hql10Lm1lL0NvbmZpZ3NIdWIiLCJzY3kiOiJhdXRvIiwic25pIjoiamFoZmtqaGEuY2ZkIiwidGxzIjoidGxzIiwidHlwZSI6IiIsInYiOiIyIn0=œü ·¥õ·¥á ú Ä·¥Ä…¥ œü Íú± ú…™ Ä·¥Ä·¥¢ œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü ·¥ã·¥Ä Ä·¥Ä·¥ä œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #s·¥°·¥á·¥Ö·¥á…¥(s·¥á)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiczIuZGItbGluazAyLnRvcCIsICJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJwb3J0IjogODA4MCwgImlkIjogIjRiMzY2MjVjLWI5ZDktM2VhNi1hZWQ1LTg2ZDYyYzcwZTE2ZCIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAidHlwZSI6ICIiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICIxMDAtMTE5LTE1MS0yNDguczIuZGItbGluazAyLnRvcCIsICJwYXRoIjogIi9kYWJhaS5pbjE3Mi42NC40MS4xNTAiLCAidGxzIjogIiJ9Country = #US(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTcyLjk5LjE4OC4xOTAiLCAicG9ydCI6IDQ3OTI1LCAiaWQiOiAiZjU4ZmZkYTItM2VmYy00OWE1LTkwNDctZjhjMmY5M2M1NzVkIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=Country = #The_Netherlands(üá≥üá±)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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Country = #Canada(üá®üá¶)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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Country = #Germany(üá©üá™)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTcwLjExNC40NS41MiIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJhbHBuIjogIiIsICJmcCI6ICIiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJ1c3RvdWNqam5pZDE4c2o2dXMubG92ZWJhaXBpYW8uY29tIiwgImlkIjogIjkxOTliZjc4LTg3NjItNGVjNS05YjdmLTA3Mzk2YjcxZTlkNCIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiMjA4NiIsICJwcyI6ICJcdWQ4M2RcdWRkMTIgVk0tV1MtTkEgXHVkODNjXHVkZGZhXHVkODNjXHVkZGY4IFVTLTE3MC4xMTQuNDUuNTI6MjA4NiIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzbmkiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAidHlwZSI6ICIiLCAidiI6ICIyIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess: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ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMzcuMjcuMTgyLjEwOSIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJob3N0IjogIiIsICJpZCI6ICJiM2E2NDM1Yi1mZWFlLTQxZjQtYTZiOC1jZjNjMDllNTM2ZTEiLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJwYXRoIjogIiIsICJwb3J0IjogMzM3OCwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGQxMiBWTS1UQ1AtTk9ORSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZWJcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZWUgRkktMzcuMjcuMTgyLjEwOTozMzc4IiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiIiwgInYiOiAiMiJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxODguMTE0Ljk3Ljc5IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAibGluZGUwNi5pbmRpYXZpZGVvLnNicyIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiZWRiYjEwNTktMTYzMy00MjcxLWI2NmUtZWQ0ZmJhNDdhMWJmIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTg4LjExNC45Ny43OS03NTE3IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAibGluZGUwNi5pbmRpYXZpZGVvLnNicyIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTA0LjIxLjgyLjE4MyIsICJhaWQiOiAwLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJzZXJ2ZXIyNi5iZWhlc2h0YmFuZWguY29tIiwgImlkIjogIjVhNzAyMWUwLTI2YjQtNDVkNi1iMTc1LWZlNTUxNjAxY2E5NyIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgInBvcnQiOiA4ODgwLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVdTLU5BIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGZmNFx1MjAwZFx1MjYyMFx1ZmUwZiBOQS0xMDQuMjEuODIuMTgzOjg4ODAiLCAidGxzIjogIiIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwgInNuaSI6ICIifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjEuOTQuMTY4IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNjJhYTVmODAtMDMyOC00MDA0LWEzNzUtN2Y1YTU5ZGY0MDIyIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTA0LjIxLjk0LjE2OC03NTUwIiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICIiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess: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 = #The_Netherlands(üá≥üá±)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJ1czAxLnNoLWNsb3VkZmxhcmUuc2JzIiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAidXMwMS5zaC1jbG91ZGZsYXJlLnNicyIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiOTE0NTg0ZWUtMzUxNS00NmFjLWEwOWQtNDY3N2EyZTlkYzlhIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDg0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTEwNC4yMS4zMi4xLTA3NjQiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJ1czAxLnNoLWNsb3VkZmxhcmUuc2JzIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlZVx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmMyBJTi05NC4xMzYuMTg0LjE1NTozOTI1MyIsICJhZGQiOiAiOTQuMTM2LjE4NC4xNTUiLCAicG9ydCI6IDM5MjUzLCAiaWQiOiAiNjliNDlhMzUtY2Y1NS00ZDE0LTlmMmItZDdjZTNhMGRiNzJlIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmYVx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOCBVUy0xNS4yMDQuMjQ4LjkyOjMwNTYyIiwgImFkZCI6ICIxNS4yMDQuMjQ4LjkyIiwgInBvcnQiOiAzMDU2MiwgImlkIjogIjgyNDY2NzE1LTZhNTgtNDA0Ni1hMzYzLWEwZDE4ZTViMmFiNCIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAidXN3dXhpYW4ucGFpNTAyODgudWsiLCAidiI6ICIyIiwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGZlM1x1ZDgzZFx1ZGQyNStcdTA2YTlcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDZcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDQrXHUwNjMzXHUwNjMxXHUwNjQ4XHUwNjMxK1x1MDYzMVx1MDYyN1x1MDZjY1x1MDZhZlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NitARmFyYWhWUE4iLCAicG9ydCI6IDg0NDMsICJpZCI6ICJjMzEzNjA2Zi05OGMyLTRkN2ItYmE3NC00OGI5NGY2MWIxMWQiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAidXN3dXhpYW4ucGFpNTAyODgudWsiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMifQ==Country = #US(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTcyLjk5LjE4OC41NSIsICJwb3J0IjogMTcyODQsICJpZCI6ICJlNGVmZTEyZC05N2MwLTRmZDctYmZkNC0wNjlmZjA0ZThkNDQiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogIm5vbmUifQ==Country = #The_Netherlands(üá≥üá±)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiODguMTk4LjE3Mi4yNSIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJhbHBuIjogIiIsICJmcCI6ICIiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICIiLCAiaWQiOiAiZTdlYjQ3MmUtZGM4My00OWQ1LWJlNWUtODJhNzlhMjEyNGVlIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJncnBjIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiSmJpQjhWNjZWNzhIZjViaXZmc2lzOHZIIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiMTUxNDUiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLUdSUEMtTkEgXHVkODNjXHVkZGU5XHVkODNjXHVkZGVhIERFLTg4LjE5OC4xNzIuMjU6MTUxNDUiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAic25pIjogIiIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiZ3VuIiwgInYiOiAiMiJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMjMuMTYyLjIwMC45MSIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJob3N0IjogIiIsICJpZCI6ICJjYzliNjZiNy0xZGU3LTRhYTktOTY0Mi01NzVhOGFlM2ZmMTkiLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJwYXRoIjogIiIsICJwb3J0IjogIjIwMTgyIiwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGQxMiBWTS1UQ1AtTkEgXHVkODNjXHVkZGU4XHVkODNjXHVkZGU2IENBLTIzLjE2Mi4yMDAuOTE6MjAxODIiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAic25pIjogIiIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiIiwgInYiOiAiMiJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNzIuNjcuMTYxLjc3IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAibGluZGUwNi5pbmRpYXZpZGVvLnNicyIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiZWRiYjEwNTktMTYzMy00MjcxLWI2NmUtZWQ0ZmJhNDdhMWJmIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTcyLjY3LjE2MS43Ny03NTYyIiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAibGluZGUwNi5pbmRpYXZpZGVvLnNicyIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICI2YThlMGNhMi1zdWN2NDAtdDgybzV0LWxidzUuaGsucDVwdi5jb20iLAogICAgImFpZCI6IDIsCiAgICAiaG9zdCI6ICJicm9hZGNhc3Rsdi5jaGF0LmJpbGliaWxpLmNvbSIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiMGU1MTFmNTAtNzkzZi0xMWVhLWI4NzMtZjIzYzkxY2ZiYmM5IiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDgwLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfh63wn4ewSEstMS42NS4yMTguMTI5LTA5MTciLAogICAgInRscyI6ICIiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsCiAgICAic25pIjogIiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJzMi5kYi1saW5rMDEudG9wIiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiMTAwLTEzMC0xMzYtNTAuczIuZGItbGluazAxLnRvcCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNGIzNjYyNWMtYjlkOS0zZWE2LWFlZDUtODZkNjJjNzBlMTZkIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2RhYmFpLmluMTA0LjIxLjEzMy4xMiIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDIwOTUsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTEwNC4xNy4yMTMuMjQxLTA4OTEiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICIiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsCiAgICAic25pIjogIiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJueTEtZGFzaC44OTA2OTkueHl6IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAibnkxLWRhc2guODkwNjk5Lnh5eiIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNjU4Yjg3ZTAtNWQ5Mi00NDI0LWQzNDQtYzE2N2FjZDZhNzdmIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL255MS1zdWIuODkwNjk5Lnh5eiIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDIwOTYsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTEwNC4yMS4zMi4xLTU2OTYiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJueTEtc3ViLjg5MDY5OS54eXoiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiI0Ni4yOS4xNjYuMjM3IiwiYWlkIjoiMCIsImFscG4iOiIiLCJmcCI6IiIsImhvc3QiOiIiLCJpZCI6IjBjNDljZDE5LTI3NTgtNGQzOC1lNmE4LTExZjJkNjYzNTg2MCIsIm5ldCI6InRjcCIsInBhdGgiOiIiLCJwb3J0IjoiNDc1NTUiLCJwcyI6Itiz2LHZiNixINix2KfbjNqv2KfZhiDZvtix2LPYsdi52Krwn4yKIEB2bWVzc19pciIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJ0bHMiOiIiLCJ0eXBlIjoibm9uZSIsInYiOiIyIn0=ŸÖÿÆÿµŸàÿµ ÿß€åÿ±ÿßŸÜÿ≥ŸÑ Ÿà ÿ±ÿß€åÿ™ŸÑ‚úÖÿ≠ÿ™ŸÖÿß ÿ®Ÿá ÿßÿ¥ÿ™ÿ±ÿß⁄© ÿ®ÿ≤ÿßÿ±€åÿØ ‚úÖ@vmess_irüöÄüöÄüí¨üí¨üí¨üì∑üì∑üí¨üì∫üì∫üí¨üòçÿØÿ± ÿµŸàÿ±ÿ™ ÿßÿ™ÿµÿßŸÑ ÿ≠ÿ™ŸÖÿß ÿØÿ± ÿ±€å⁄©ÿ¥ŸÜ Ÿáÿß ÿ¥ÿ±⁄©ÿ™ ⁄©ŸÜ€åÿØüòç
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxMDcuMTQ4LjIwNy4yNDkiLCJhaWQiOiIwIiwiYWxwbiI6IiIsImZwIjoiIiwiaG9zdCI6ImFwcHN2cy5zaG9wIiwiaWQiOiI0MTgwNDhhZi1hMjkzLTRiOTktOWIwYy05OGNhMzU4MGRkMjQiLCJuZXQiOiJ0Y3AiLCJwYXRoIjoiLyIsInBvcnQiOiI0ODcxMiIsInBzIjoiW/Cfh7rwn4e4XXQubWUvQ29uZmlnc0h1YiIsImlkIjoiNDE4MDQ4YWYtYTI5My00Yjk5LTliMGMtOThjYTM1ODBkZDI0IiwibmV0IjoidGNwIiwicGF0aCI6Ii8iLCJwb3J0IjoiNDg3MTIiLCJwcyI6IldpRmktQFYycmF5X0FscGhhLTE0Iiwic2N5IjoiYXV0byIsInNuaSI6IiIsInRscyI6IiIsInR5cGUiOiJub25lIiwidiI6IjIifQ==œü ·¥õ·¥á ú Ä·¥Ä…¥ œü Íú± ú…™ Ä·¥Ä·¥¢ œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü ·¥ã·¥Ä Ä·¥Ä·¥ä œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #·¥ú…¥…™·¥õ·¥á·¥Ös·¥õ·¥Ä·¥õ·¥ás(·¥ús)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxODYuMTkwLjIxNS45MyIsImFpZCI6IjAiLCJhbHBuIjoiIiwiZnAiOiIiLCJob3N0IjoiIiwiaWQiOiIwNDYyMWJhZS1hYjM2LTExZWMtYjkwOS0wMjQyYWMxMjAwMDIiLCJuZXQiOiJ0Y3AiLCJwYXRoIjoiIiwicG9ydCI6IjIyMzI0IiwicHMiOiJb8J+PgV10Lm1lL0NvbmZpZ3NIdWIiLCJzY3kiOiJhdXRvIiwic25pIjoiIiwidGxzIjoiIiwidHlwZSI6Im5vbmUiLCJ2IjoiMiJ9œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #s·¥°…™·¥õ·¥¢·¥á Ä ü·¥Ä…¥·¥Ö(·¥Ñ ú)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIyMy4xNTguNTYuMjEiLCJhaWQiOiIwIiwiYWxwbiI6IiIsImZwIjoiIiwiaG9zdCI6IiIsImlkIjoiNmVlZjM0NDgtYmJjMC00OTMzLTg5NGEtNzJiM2U4Nzg2MTA5IiwibmV0IjoidGNwIiwicGF0aCI6IiIsInBvcnQiOiI0ODk2MSIsInBzIjoiW/Cfh6nwn4eqXXQubWUvQ29uZmlnc0h1YiIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJ0bHMiOiIiLCJ0eXBlIjoibm9uZSIsInYiOiIyIn0=œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #…¢·¥á Ä·¥ç·¥Ä…¥ è(·¥Ö·¥á)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiNTEuNzkuMTAyLjI1MyIsICJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJwb3J0IjogODAsICJpZCI6ICI1OGZlMTU0Mi01MjkwLTQwYWQtODE1YS03NzcwN2E4MWFmZTUiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiL0lPZWJoTE1obDFDVGJGSGJMOTVteWZSWDIiLCAidGxzIjogIiJ9Country = #Canada(üá®üá¶)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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Country = #Germany(üá©üá™)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAidXN3dXhpYW4ucGFpNTAyODgudWsiLCAidiI6ICIyIiwgInBvcnQiOiA4NDQzLCAiaWQiOiAiYzMxMzYwNmYtOThjMi00ZDdiLWJhNzQtNDhiOTRmNjFiMTFkIiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsICJ0eXBlIjogIiIsICJob3N0IjogInVzd3V4aWFuLnBhaTUwMjg4LnVrIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGZlM1x1ZDgzZFx1ZGQyNStcdTA2YTlcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDZcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDQrXHUwNjMzXHUwNjMxXHUwNjQ4XHUwNjMxK1x1MDYzMVx1MDYyN1x1MDZjY1x1MDZhZlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NitARmFyYWhWUE4ifQ==Country = #US(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYlx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmNyBGUi0zOC4xMDkuMjI4LjIxNDoxNDg1NCIsICJhZGQiOiAiMzguMTA5LjIyOC4yMTQiLCAicG9ydCI6IDE0ODU0LCAiaWQiOiAiZjBhMjE0YmEtMmE0Zi00ZjIyLWIzNDItMDMxMjM3MjZhYjI3IiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxODguMTE0Ljk5LjE4MyIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogImxpbmRlMDYuaW5kaWF2aWRlby5zYnMiLAogICAgImlkIjogImVkYmIxMDU5LTE2MzMtNDI3MS1iNjZlLWVkNGZiYTQ3YTFiZiIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rd3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTE4OC4xMTQuOTkuMTgzLTc1NDMiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJsaW5kZTA2LmluZGlhdmlkZW8uc2JzIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJmazItYmFzaC44OTA2MTcueHl6IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiZmsyLWJhc2guODkwNjE3Lnh5eiIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiZmVkZGMzMjYtZGE3MC00ZmFiLTk1YTktOGY5OGJlNmRhNjMzIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2ZrMi0xIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogMjA4NywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTcyLjY3LjE1OS41Ni01NjI0IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiZmsyLWJhc2guODkwNjE3Lnh5eiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICI1MS43Ny4yMC4xMzciLAogICAgImFpZCI6IDAsCiAgICAiaG9zdCI6ICJ0aWxlYmFuaS5jb20iLAogICAgImlkIjogIjAzZmNjNjE4LWI5M2QtNjc5Ni02YWVkLThhMzhjOTc1ZDU4MSIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rdndzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfh6vwn4e3RlItNTEuNzcuMjAuMTM3LTc1NzkiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsCiAgICAic25pIjogIiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxMDQuMTkuMTUwLjEwIiwiYWlkIjoiMCIsImFscG4iOiIiLCJmcCI6IiIsImhvc3QiOiJtY2kubXRuLmlyLmNvbS5vcmcubmV0Lm9tMi5tdXNpY2ZhMTIzLmlyLiIsImlkIjoiOTRmMzMyYjAtYzVkMy00NTMxLWExZDYtNmU2MzU4Y2M2YzcyIiwibmV0IjoiaHR0cHVwZ3JhZGUiLCJwYXRoIjoiL2QzZDNMbWx5WVc1b2IzTjBMbU52YlFcdTAwM2RcdTAwM2Q/ZWRcdTAwM2QyNTYwIiwicG9ydCI6IjIwOTUiLCJwcyI6Itqp2KfZhtmB24zaryDZvtix2LPYsdi52Kog2LHYp9uM2q/Yp9mG8J+Mi0B2bWVzYyIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJ0bHMiOiIiLCJ0eXBlIjoiLS0tIiwidiI6IjIifQ==‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚ù• MtnFree serviceüëáüëáüëáüëáüëá‚úÖ @vmesc
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxNDYuMTkuMTY4LjE2MSIsImFpZCI6IjAiLCJhbHBuIjoiIiwiZnAiOiJjaHJvbWUiLCJob3N0IjoiYXowNS5iZXlvbmR5LmNmZCIsImlkIjoiM2Y2MzhmMzQtOGRiYS00MTg2LWJjNDMtMjcxNmE3ZGRkNGJlIiwibmV0Ijoid3MiLCJwYXRoIjoiL2xpbmsiLCJwb3J0IjoiNDQzIiwicHMiOiJb8J+Hq/Cfh7dddC5tZS9Db25maWdzSHViIiwic2N5IjoiYXV0byIsInNuaSI6ImF6MDUuYmV5b25keS5jZmQiLCJ0bHMiOiJ0bHMiLCJ0eXBlIjoiIiwidiI6IjIifQ==œü ·¥õ·¥á ú Ä·¥Ä…¥ œü Íú± ú…™ Ä·¥Ä·¥¢ œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü ·¥ã·¥Ä Ä·¥Ä·¥ä œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #“ì Ä·¥Ä…¥·¥Ñ·¥á(“ì Ä)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess: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Country = #China(üá®üá≥)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiNjcuMjIwLjk0LjEzNyIsICJwb3J0IjogNTcxMjMsICJpZCI6ICJiNGQzYTgxYi1lYzBlLTRhMjctYTM1OS02ZGVhMGM0ZjFmNzUiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogIm5vbmUifQ==Country = #Canada(üá®üá¶)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlOVx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYSBERS0xOTMuMTA4LjExOC4xMzY6MTU3MTMiLCAiYWRkIjogIjE5My4xMDguMTE4LjEzNiIsICJwb3J0IjogMTU3MTMsICJpZCI6ICJmNzRlMjc3ZS04NGIzLTQ2YTItOGFiZC0yNzc3ZmE1ZTRhZjkiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogIm5vbmUifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMzQuMTk1LjE5OC4xNDciLAogICAgImFpZCI6IDAsCiAgICAiaG9zdCI6ICJpbm5hLmNmZCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiMDNmY2M2MTgtYjkzZC02Nzk2LTZhZWQtOGEzOGM5NzVkNTgxIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt2d3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+HqPCfh6ZDQS0xMzQuMTk1LjE5OC4xNDctNzUyOCIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNzIuNjcuMTg5LjI3IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAibnkyLXN1Yi45MzAucHAudWEiLAogICAgImlkIjogImYwODJlZWNhLWUwNjgtNDVmOS1kMWJmLTQ2ZTlkZTliZGY1NyIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9ueTItc3ViLjkzMC5wcC51YSIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDIwNTMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTE3Mi42Ny4xODkuMjctMDgxMiIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogZmFsc2UsCiAgICAic25pIjogIm55Mi1zdWIuOTMwLnBwLnVhIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYyBTRy02Mi4xNDYuMjMzLjc5OjQ0MTI3IiwgImFkZCI6ICI2Mi4xNDYuMjMzLjc5IiwgInBvcnQiOiA0NDEyNywgImlkIjogImFlMGZhODIyLTU4YmItNDgzZi05YWY1LWQ0MTdkOGMyM2IyMSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OQSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZjhcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZWEgU0UtMTY5LjE1MC4yMDguODM6MTgwMDAiLCAiYWRkIjogIjE2OS4xNTAuMjA4LjgzIiwgInBvcnQiOiAxODAwMCwgImFpZCI6IDAsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogImY4YzhkYzNkLTBkMzctNDZiMC04YjM0LWE3MjMyODgyZmNmZSJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTAzLjY3Ljc5LjE1NyIsICJwb3J0IjogNDUzNjUsICJpZCI6ICI3ZDJhNGU2Ni0xNTJjLTQ5ZjUtOWZmNS1jMTlhODM2ZThjODkiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogIm5vbmUifQ==Country = #Indonesia(üáÆüá©)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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Country = #The_Netherlands(üá≥üá±)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJiZTRhYzAzYy1zdW00ZzAtc3gxY3h4LTF0ZmprLnN2LnBsZWJhaS5uZXQiLAogICAgImFpZCI6IDIsCiAgICAiaG9zdCI6ICJicm9hZGNhc3Rsdi5jaGF0LmJpbGliaWxpLmNvbSIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNDkzOTZkOTgtZjRiNC0xMWVmLThjM2YtZjIzYzkxM2M4ZDJiIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDgwLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfh7rwn4e4VVMtMTk4LjIuMjQzLjUxLTA5MTYiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICIiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsCiAgICAic25pIjogIiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess: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ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJobXMyNi54cGVuZ21vdG9ycy5zYnMiLAogICAgImFpZCI6IDAsCiAgICAiaG9zdCI6ICJobXMyNi54cGVuZ21vdG9ycy5zYnMiLAogICAgImlkIjogImZiMGEyZGU2LWJmMDYtNGZmMC05N2NlLWMyMWFiY2RjMmQ1NSIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rd3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+Hq/Cfh7dGUi00NS4xNDUuMTY2LjIwOS01NTA3IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiaG1zMjYueHBlbmdtb3RvcnMuc2JzIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlNlx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmYSBBVS0xNTQuMjYuMTUzLjE2MToyMTc1OSIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTU0LjI2LjE1My4xNjEiLCAicG9ydCI6IDIxNzU5LCAiaWQiOiAiZTVmMTZmYWQtZjljMy00NTJiLThlNzEtYmM5NTA0ZTI5ZmM5IiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIiwgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIzOC4xNC4xMDcuMjI2IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiA2NCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogIiIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNDE4MDQ4YWYtYTI5My00Yjk5LTliMGMtOThjYTM1ODBkZDI0IiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL3BhdGgvMzQwNDM0MTMwMDMyIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogMzgwMDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+HuvCfh7hVUy0zOC4xNC4xMDcuMjI2LTU1MDMiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsCiAgICAic25pIjogIiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjEuMTguMjI3IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiamFoZmtqaGEuY2ZkIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICI5NTBkYjZhYS00OTI2LTQ2MTYtODE2ZS1lYzAzMTJkY2I4N2IiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfj4FSRUxBWS0xMDQuMjEuMTguMjI3LTc1NjEiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsCiAgICAic25pIjogIiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIwNmU2YjA3NS1zdW00ZzAtc3gxY3h4LTF0ZmprLmhrMy5wNXB2LmNvbSIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMiwKICAgICJob3N0IjogImJyb2FkY2FzdGx2LmNoYXQuYmlsaWJpbGkuY29tIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICI0OTM5NmQ5OC1mNGI0LTExZWYtOGMzZi1mMjNjOTEzYzhkMmIiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogODAsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+HrfCfh7BISy0xLjY1LjIwOC4xMjgtMjM0MSIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogIiIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAiYWRkIjogIjYyLjE0Ni4yMzIuMTUyIiwgInBvcnQiOiAzMzA2NCwgImlkIjogIjk0MmQ1NmU0LWNmNzItNGE3YS1hODdjLWY1NTVhMjcwZDc5YSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSIsICJwcyI6ICJcdWQ4M2RcdWRmZTNcdWQ4M2RcdWRkMjUrXHUwNmE5XHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2XHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ0K1x1MDYzM1x1MDYzMVx1MDY0OFx1MDYzMStcdTA2MzFcdTA2MjdcdTA2Y2NcdTA2YWZcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDYrQEZhcmFoVlBOIn0=Country = #Singapore(üá∏üá¨)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJobXMxOS5iZXN0LXRpemkudG9wIiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNjJhYTVmODAtMDMyOC00MDA0LWEzNzUtN2Y1YTU5ZGY0MDIyIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4ep8J+HqkRFLTkxLjE5NS4yNDAuMTItNzYwNyIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogZmFsc2UsCiAgICAic25pIjogImhtczE5LmJlc3QtdGl6aS50b3AiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJsb24yLWRhc2guOTMwLnBwLnVhIiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAibG9uMi1kYXNoLjkzMC5wcC51YSIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiYmM4NmY5NDktNzE1Mi00MzY3LTkyZjUtN2ExMWVhY2Y5YzliIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xvbjItc3ViLjkzMC5wcC51YSIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDIwOTYsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTEwNC4yMS41Ny4zOC01NTg1IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAibG9uMi1zdWIuOTMwLnBwLnVhIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxMDMuMTQ5LjE4My4xNzgiLCJhaWQiOiIwIiwiYWxwbiI6IiIsImZwIjoiIiwiaG9zdCI6IiIsImlkIjoiM2E5MDc5NTYtZjY2OC00ZTZiLWVhMDMtMDk0OWYwYzljMGE1IiwibmV0IjoidGNwIiwicGF0aCI6IiIsInBvcnQiOiI1NDY3NSIsInBzIjoi2LPYsdmI2LEg2LHYp9uM2q/Yp9mGINm+2LHYs9ix2LnYqvCfjIogQHZtZXNzX2lyIiwic2N5IjoiYXV0byIsInNuaSI6IiIsInRscyI6IiIsInR5cGUiOiJub25lIiwidiI6IjIifQ==ŸÖÿÆÿµŸàÿµ ŸáŸÖÿ±ÿßŸá ÿßŸàŸÑ Ÿà Ÿàÿß€åŸÅÿß€å‚úÖÿ≠ÿ™ŸÖÿß ÿ®Ÿá ÿßÿ¥ÿ™ÿ±ÿß⁄© ÿ®ÿ≤ÿßÿ±€åÿØ ‚úÖ@vmess_irüöÄüöÄüí¨üí¨üí¨üì∑üì∑üí¨üì∫üì∫üí¨üòçÿØÿ± ÿµŸàÿ±ÿ™ ÿßÿ™ÿµÿßŸÑ ÿ≠ÿ™ŸÖÿß ÿØÿ± ÿ±€å⁄©ÿ¥ŸÜ Ÿáÿß ÿ¥ÿ±⁄©ÿ™ ⁄©ŸÜ€åÿØüòç
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxODguMTE0Ljk3LjYiLCJhaWQiOiIwIiwiYWxwbiI6IiIsImhvc3QiOiJsaW5kZTA2LmluZGlhdmlkZW8uc2JzIiwiaWQiOiJlZGJiMTA1OS0xNjMzLTQyNzEtYjY2ZS1lZDRmYmE0N2ExYmYiLCJuZXQiOiJ3cyIsInBhdGgiOiIvbGlua3dzIiwicG9ydCI6IjQ0MyIsInBzIjoiW/Cfh6jwn4emXXQubWUvQ29uZmlnc0h1YiIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJzbmkiOiJsaW5kZTA2LmluZGlhdmlkZW8uc2JzIiwidGxzIjoidGxzIiwidHlwZSI6IiIsInYiOiIyIn0=œü ·¥õ·¥á ú Ä·¥Ä…¥ œü Íú± ú…™ Ä·¥Ä·¥¢ œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü ·¥ã·¥Ä Ä·¥Ä·¥ä œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #·¥Ñ·¥Ä…¥·¥Ä·¥Ö·¥Ä(·¥Ñ·¥Ä)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAidjkuaGVkdWlhbi5saW5rIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiMzA4MDkiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgImlkIjogImNiYjNmODc3LWQxZmItMzQ0Yy04N2E5LWQxNTNiZmZkNTQ4NCIsICJhaWQiOiAiMiIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvb29vbyIsICJob3N0IjogImJhaWR1LmNvbSIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIn0=Country = #China(üá®üá≥)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTA0LjIxLjExMi4xIiwgInYiOiAiMiIsICJwcyI6ICJcdWQ4M2RcdWRmZTNcdWQ4M2RcdWRkMjUrXHUwNmE5XHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2XHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ0K1x1MDYzM1x1MDYzMVx1MDY0OFx1MDYzMStcdTA2MzFcdTA2MjdcdTA2Y2NcdTA2YWZcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDYrQEZhcmFoVlBOIiwgInBvcnQiOiA4MCwgImlkIjogIjdmOGExYmI5LWJlZTAtNDBhOC1mOTA4LTIxYTY1ZGEwZjNjYyIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAidHlwZSI6ICIiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJ1czJ2bWVzcy5ybm1jbm0uY29tIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLzEyM3F3ZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIn0=Country = #US(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAia3IzLnR0Y2MudGVjaCIsICJwb3J0IjogIjQ0MyIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLCAiaWQiOiAiYjJkMTA2NzMtMjRjYy00Zjk2LWIxZjMtZGE4YjE3NTg5MDc3IiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLyJ9Country = #South_Korea(üá∞üá∑)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiNjIuMTQ2LjIzMi4xNTMiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAiYWxwbiI6ICIiLCAiZnAiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjEzZTEzYTNlLWU5ODEtNGVlYS1hOWZjLTEzZTUwNjI4ZmQ5YiIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiNTMxNDQiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OQSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZjhcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZWMgU0ctNjIuMTQ2LjIzMi4xNTM6NTMxNDQiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAic25pIjogIiIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ2IjogIjIifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTA0LjE5LjQ4LjIzNiIsICJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVdTLU5BIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGZmNFx1MjAwZFx1MjYyMFx1ZmUwZiBOQS0xMDQuMTkuNDguMjM2OjIwODIiLCAicG9ydCI6IDIwODIsICJpZCI6ICI0YjM2NjI1Yy1iOWQ5LTNlYTYtYWVkNS04NmQ2MmM3MGUxNmQiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiMTAwLTU5LTE3OC0yNDcuczQuY24tZGIudG9wIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiL2RhYmFpLmluMTA0LjE5LjEwMS4xMTAiLCAidGxzIjogIiJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiNTEuODEuMjAzLjU3IiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgImFscG4iOiAiIiwgImZwIjogIiIsICJob3N0IjogIiIsICJpZCI6ICIxNzg0NDk3ZC0wM2ExLTQwYmItYmI4Yi1kZTRmZmFjN2M1OWMiLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJwYXRoIjogIiIsICJwb3J0IjogIjI4ODYwIiwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGQxMiBWTS1UQ1AtTk9ORSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZmFcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZjggVVMtNTEuODEuMjAzLjU3OjI4ODYwIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNuaSI6ICIiLCAidGxzIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInYiOiAiMiJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMzguNDguMjI3LjIzMSIsICJhaWQiOiA2NCwgImhvc3QiOiAid3d3LjQyMjY2NDUxLnh5eiIsICJpZCI6ICI0MTgwNDhhZi1hMjkzLTRiOTktOWIwYy05OGNhMzU4MGRkMjQiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiL3BhdGgvMjQwODExMDYyODEzIiwgInBvcnQiOiA0Nzc3OCwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGQxMiBWTS1XUy1UTFMgXHVkODNjXHVkZGZhXHVkODNjXHVkZGY4IFVTLTM4LjQ4LjIyNy4yMzE6NDc3NzgiLCAidGxzIjogInRscyIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogZmFsc2UsICJzbmkiOiAid3d3LjQyMjY2NDUxLnh5eiJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJsb24xLWRhc2guODkwNjk5Lnh5eiIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogImxvbjEtc3ViLjg5MDY5OS54eXoiLAogICAgImlkIjogIjQxOTYzZTZiLTI5NWQtNDVhMC1iNmNjLTM4ZmJkZDNlM2Y3NSIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9sb24xLXN1Yi44OTA2OTkueHl6IiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogODQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTA0LjIxLjQ4LjEtMDc0OSIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OQSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZThcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZjMgQ04tMTgzLjIzNi41MS4zNjo1OTAwMyIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTgzLjIzNi41MS4zNiIsICJwb3J0IjogIjU5MDAzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJpZCI6ICI0MTgwNDhhZi1hMjkzLTRiOTktOWIwYy05OGNhMzU4MGRkMjQiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJwYXRoIjogIi8iLCAiaG9zdCI6ICIiLCAidGxzIjogIiJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlNiBDQS02Ny4yMjAuOTQuMTk2OjQ3OTQxIiwgImFkZCI6ICI2Ny4yMjAuOTQuMTk2IiwgInBvcnQiOiA0Nzk0MSwgImlkIjogIjRiZTQ0MTgwLTI1ZjktNDUyZi1hYjZiLWJlMDc1OGNlZjJiNiIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZX0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNzIuNjcuMTc5LjE5OSIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogImxpbmRlMDYuaW5kaWF2aWRlby5zYnMiLAogICAgImlkIjogImVkYmIxMDU5LTE2MzMtNDI3MS1iNjZlLWVkNGZiYTQ3YTFiZiIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rd3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTE3Mi42Ny4xNzkuMTk5LTc1MjIiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsCiAgICAic25pIjogIiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxODguMTE0Ljk2LjUiLAogICAgImFpZCI6IDAsCiAgICAiaG9zdCI6ICJsaW5kZTA2LmluZGlhdmlkZW8uc2JzIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICJlZGJiMTA1OS0xNjMzLTQyNzEtYjY2ZS1lZDRmYmE0N2ExYmYiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfj4FSRUxBWS0xODguMTE0Ljk2LjUtNzU1OSIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogZmFsc2UsCiAgICAic25pIjogImxpbmRlMDYuaW5kaWF2aWRlby5zYnMiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVJBVy1OQSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZjhcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZWMgU0ctNjIuMTQ2LjIzMy4xMTI6MzY3MTIiLCAiYWRkIjogIjYyLjE0Ni4yMzMuMTEyIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiMzY3MTIiLCAiaWQiOiAiOTI2NmRmNDItMDgzMC00OGMyLTg1MDktNGM1N2IzMGZlMjlkIiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJyYXciLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJxdWl6LmludC52aWRpby5jb20iLAogICAgImFpZCI6IDAsCiAgICAiaG9zdCI6ICJzZXJ2MS5pZGtzMS53ZWIuaWQiLAogICAgImlkIjogIjljN2M3MDM5LWE1ZjEtNDdiMi05MjI1LWNiYjViZjAzYjllNiIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi92bWVzcyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTA0LjIyLjQuMjQwLTA3MzAiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJzZXJ2MS5pZGtzMS53ZWIuaWQiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMS42NS4yMDQuMjExIiwgImFpZCI6IDIsICJob3N0IjogImJyb2FkY2FzdGx2LmNoYXQuYmlsaWJpbGkuY29tIiwgImlkIjogIjQ5Mzk2ZDk4LWY0YjQtMTFlZi04YzNmLWYyM2M5MTNjOGQyYiIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgInBvcnQiOiA4MCwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGQxMiBWTS1XUy1OQSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZWRcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZjAgSEstMS42NS4yMDQuMjExOjgwIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLCAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsICJzbmkiOiAiIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxMDQuMTkuMTUwLjEwIiwiYWlkIjoiMCIsImFscG4iOiIiLCJmcCI6IiIsImhvc3QiOiJtY2kubXRuLmlyLmNvbS5vcmcubmV0Lm9tMi5tdXNpY2ZhMTIzLmlyLiIsImlkIjoiOTRmMzMyYjAtYzVkMy00NTMxLWExZDYtNmU2MzU4Y2M2YzcyIiwibmV0IjoiaHR0cHVwZ3JhZGUiLCJwYXRoIjoiL2QzZDNMbWx5WVc1b2IzTjBMbU52YlFcdTAwM2RcdTAwM2Q/ZWRcdTAwM2QyNTYwIiwicG9ydCI6IjIwOTUiLCJwcyI6Itiz2LHZiNixINix2KfbjNqv2KfZhiDZvtix2LPYsdi52Krwn4yKIEB2bWVzc19pciIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJ0bHMiOiIiLCJ0eXBlIjoiLS0tIiwidiI6IjIifQ==ŸÖÿÆÿµŸàÿµ ÿß€åÿ±ÿßŸÜÿ≥ŸÑ Ÿà ÿ±ÿß€åÿ™ŸÑ‚úÖÿ≠ÿ™ŸÖÿß ÿ®Ÿá ÿßÿ¥ÿ™ÿ±ÿß⁄© ÿ®ÿ≤ÿßÿ±€åÿØ ‚úÖ@vmess_irüöÄüöÄüí¨üí¨üí¨üì∑üì∑üí¨üì∫üì∫üí¨üòçÿØÿ± ÿµŸàÿ±ÿ™ ÿßÿ™ÿµÿßŸÑ ÿ≠ÿ™ŸÖÿß ÿØÿ± ÿ±€å⁄©ÿ¥ŸÜ Ÿáÿß ÿ¥ÿ±⁄©ÿ™ ⁄©ŸÜ€åÿØüòç
vmess: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Country = #US(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMjMuMTYyLjE1Mi4xNzUiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAiYWxwbiI6ICIiLCAiZnAiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjI4YmJiOWZmLWEwNzYtNDVhOS1iYTdiLTk1ZjhhNmMzNzFjNCIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiNTYzOTkiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYlx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmNyBGUi0yMy4xNjIuMTUyLjE3NTo1NjM5OSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzbmkiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ2IjogIjIifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYlx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmNyBGUi0yMy4xNjIuMTUyLjExMToyNTk1MSIsICJhZGQiOiAiMjMuMTYyLjE1Mi4xMTEiLCAicG9ydCI6IDI1OTUxLCAiaWQiOiAiZTdhYzcxOGEtMTc1MS00ODljLTgyMDUtMjQyMjkyNTliNDEwIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIiwgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTIwLjE5OC43MS4yMTkiLCAicG9ydCI6ICI0MjM1NSIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAiaWQiOiAiNDE4MDQ4YWYtYTI5My00Yjk5LTliMGMtOThjYTM1ODBkZDI0IiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICIifQ==Country = #China(üá®üá≥)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiZGUwMS5zaC1jbG91ZGZsYXJlLnNicyIsICJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJwb3J0IjogMjA5NiwgImlkIjogIjc1YTA4ODVmLTBjYTUtNDJhNC04NjUxLTM5MWNmODE5MzE1NCIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAidHlwZSI6ICIiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJkZTAxLnNoLWNsb3VkZmxhcmUuc2JzIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIn0=Country = #US(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlZVx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmMyBJTi05NC4xMzYuMTg0LjE1NTozOTI1MyIsICJhZGQiOiAiOTQuMTM2LjE4NC4xNTUiLCAicG9ydCI6IDM5MjUzLCAiaWQiOiAiNjliNDlhMzUtY2Y1NS00ZDE0LTlmMmItZDdjZTNhMGRiNzJlIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIiwgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTk0LjIzMy43Mi4yMjgiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICIiLCAiaWQiOiAiMTY1MDkyNjItZGJlMi00M2JhLTk5Y2UtMDc5MTNkMmExOGI0IiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIiLCAicG9ydCI6ICIyNzU3NSIsICJwcyI6ICJcdWQ4M2RcdWRkMTIgVk0tVENQLU5BIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYyBTRy0xOTQuMjMzLjcyLjIyODoyNzU3NSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzbmkiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAidHlwZSI6ICIiLCAidiI6ICIyIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICI1MS43OS4xMDIuMjUzIiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiNTEuNzkuMTAyLjI1MyIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNThmZTE1NDItNTI5MC00MGFkLTgxNWEtNzc3MDdhODFhZmU1IiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL0lPZWJoTE1obDFDVGJGSGJMOTVteWZSWDIiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA4MCwKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4eo8J+HpkNBLTUxLjc5LjEwMi4yNTMtMTE0OCIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogIiIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVdTLU5BIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGZmNFx1MjAwZFx1MjYyMFx1ZmUwZiBOQS0xNzIuNjYuNDQuNjo4ODgwIiwgImFkZCI6ICIxNzIuNjYuNDQuNiIsICJwb3J0IjogIjg4ODAiLCAiaWQiOiAiM2Y2MzhmMzQtOGRiYS00MTg2LWJjNDMtMjcxNmE3ZGRkNGJlIiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsICJob3N0IjogInllbGxvdy1wYXBlci0wMjljLnl2b25uYS53b3JrZXJzLmRldiIsICJwYXRoIjogIi9hejA1LmJleW9uZHkuY2ZkL2xpbms/L1RNQEFaQVJCQVlKQUIxQEFaQVJCQVlKQUIxQEFaQVJCQVlKQUIxQEFaQVJCQVlKQUIxQEFaQVJCQVlKQUIxQEFaQVJCQVlKQUIxQEFaQVJCQVlKQUIxQEFaQVJCQVlKQUIxLz9lZD0yNTYwIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiI4OS4xOC41OC43MSIsImFpZCI6IjAiLCJhbHBuIjoiIiwiZnAiOiIiLCJob3N0IjoiIiwiaWQiOiJkMTNmYzJmNS0zZTA1LTQ3OTUtODFlYi00NDE0M2EwOWU1NTIiLCJuZXQiOiJ0Y3AiLCJwYXRoIjoiIiwicG9ydCI6IjE4MCIsInBzIjoiW/Cfj4FddC5tZS9Db25maWdzSHViIiwic2N5IjoiYXV0byIsInNuaSI6IiIsInRscyI6IiIsInR5cGUiOiJub25lIiwidiI6IjIifQ==œü ·¥õ·¥á ú Ä·¥Ä…¥ œü Íú± ú…™ Ä·¥Ä·¥¢ œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü ·¥ã·¥Ä Ä·¥Ä·¥ä œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #·¥Ñ Ä·¥è·¥Ä·¥õ…™·¥Ä( ú Ä)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiI4OS4xOC41OC42MyIsImFpZCI6IjAiLCJhbHBuIjoiIiwiZnAiOiIiLCJob3N0IjoiIiwiaWQiOiJkMTNmYzJmNS0zZTA1LTQ3OTUtODFlYi00NDE0M2EwOWU1NTIiLCJuZXQiOiJ0Y3AiLCJwYXRoIjoiIiwicG9ydCI6IjE4MCIsInBzIjoiW/Cfj4FddC5tZS9Db25maWdzSHViIiwic2N5IjoiYXV0byIsInNuaSI6IiIsInRscyI6IiIsInR5cGUiOiJub25lIiwidiI6IjIifQ==œü ·¥õ·¥á ú Ä·¥Ä…¥ œü Íú± ú…™ Ä·¥Ä·¥¢ œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü ·¥ã·¥Ä Ä·¥Ä·¥ä œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #·¥Ñ Ä·¥è·¥Ä·¥õ…™·¥Ä( ú Ä)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTUyLjY3LjI1MS4yMzIiLCAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywgImFpZCI6IDAsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLCAiaWQiOiAiZTUzN2YyZjUtMmEwYy00ZjU5LTkyYzktODMyY2E2NDMzYmYzIiwgInNuaSI6ICJpcnZpZGVvLmNmZCIsICJob3N0IjogImlydmlkZW8uY2ZkIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyJ9Country = #United_States(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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Country = #Canada(üá®üá¶)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjoiMiIsInBzIjoiRC1ZRUxMT1ctNDM0IiwiYWRkIjoiMTU5LjY1LjQ0Ljk4IiwicG9ydCI6Ijg4ODEiLCJpZCI6ImRiNWFmYWU0LWFjMjMtNDFhNi04Mzc4LWYzMDdhOWE0NzQzNiIsImFpZCI6IjAiLCJzY3kiOiJhdXRvIiwibmV0IjoidGNwIiwidHlwZSI6Imh0dHAiLCJob3N0IjoibWloYW53ZWJob3N0LmNvbSIsInBhdGgiOiIvIiwidGxzIjoibm9uZSIsInNuaSI6IiIsImFscG4iOiIifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAiYWRkIjogIjQ2LjguNjguMjEyIiwgInBvcnQiOiAyNDUyOSwgImlkIjogIjcwYzZjYmFhLWEzOTUtNDAxNC04Mjg2LWI0NDdkMWYzMTZjMyIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSIsICJwcyI6ICJcdWQ4M2RcdWRkMTIgVk0tVENQLU5PTkUgXHVkODNjXHVkZGYzXHVkODNjXHVkZGYxIE5MLTQ2LjguNjguMjEyOjI0NTI5In0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess: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 = #Canada(üá®üá¶)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OQSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZWRcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZjAgSEstMzUuMjIwLjIzMC4yNTE6MzAyNTEiLCAiYWRkIjogIjM1LjIyMC4yMzAuMjUxIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiMzAyNTEiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgImlkIjogIjg2YzljMTE5LWM0NmQtNDVhOS04MmE2LTc1YTg4NmU1ZTc5NSIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsICJob3N0IjogIiIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTI3LjAuMC4xIiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogImJhYWFjY2ItYWJhYy1jYmFhLWJhZGMtY2FiYmFjYmJjYWFjIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIiLCAicG9ydCI6IDIwODAsICJwcyI6ICJcdWQ4M2VcdWRkMTYgVEVMRUdSQU0tQ0hBTk5FTCBcdWQ4M2RcdWRjYTEgTkVVUk9WQU5DRSBcdWQ4M2VcdWRkZTAiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAic25pIjogIiIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiIiwgInYiOiAiMiJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTkyLjkuMTQ4LjY0IiwgImFpZCI6IDAsICJob3N0IjogIm9yYS5haWhpLnVrIiwgImlkIjogIjk3OWUzOWQ3LWZkZjgtNGU1MS1hZmI2LTRkMTgxYzU2MTcwZiIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvcmF5IiwgInBvcnQiOiA4MDg4LCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVdTLVRMUyBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZmFcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZjggVVMtMTkyLjkuMTQ4LjY0OjgwODgiLCAidGxzIjogInRscyIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwgInNuaSI6ICJvcmEuYWloaS51ayIsICJhbGxvd2luc2VjdXJlIjogMX0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJueTItZGFzaC45MzAucHAudWEiLAogICAgImFpZCI6IDAsCiAgICAiaG9zdCI6ICJueTItc3ViLjkzMC5wcC51YSIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiZjA4MmVlY2EtZTA2OC00NWY5LWQxYmYtNDZlOWRlOWJkZjU3IiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL255Mi1zdWIuOTMwLnBwLnVhIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogMjA5NiwKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTcyLjY3LjE4OS4yNy0wOTE3IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICIiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OQSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZWNcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZTcgR0ItMTcyLjk5LjE5MC4yMDc6NTU1NzciLCAiYWRkIjogIjE3Mi45OS4xOTAuMjA3IiwgInBvcnQiOiAiNTU1NzciLCAiaWQiOiAiZTkyMmQ0ODUtOThhNy00NzVhLTlhNDctY2RlMzcyMmFjODJlIiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAic25pIjogIiIsICJ0ZXN0X25hbWUiOiAiNiJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTg2LjE5MC4yMTUuOTMiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAiYWxwbiI6ICIiLCAiZnAiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjA0NjIxYmFlLWFiMzYtMTFlYy1iOTA5LTAyNDJhYzEyMDAwMiIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiMjIzMjQiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzbmkiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInYiOiAiMiJ9Country = #Switzerland(üá®üá≠)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAidjI1LmhlZHVpYW4ubGluayIsICJwb3J0IjogMzA4MjUsICJhaWQiOiAyLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogImNiYjNmODc3LWQxZmItMzQ0Yy04N2E5LWQxNTNiZmZkNTQ4NCIsICJob3N0IjogImJhaWR1LmNvbSIsICJwYXRoIjogIi9vb29vIn0=Country = #China(üá®üá≥)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiODkuMTguNTguNjMiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAiYWxwbiI6ICIiLCAiZnAiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogImQxM2ZjMmY1LTNlMDUtNDc5NS04MWViLTQ0MTQzYTA5ZTU1MiIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiMTgwIiwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGZlM1x1ZDgzZFx1ZGQyNStcdTA2YTlcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDZcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDQrXHUwNjMzXHUwNjMxXHUwNjQ4XHUwNjMxK1x1MDYzMVx1MDYyN1x1MDZjY1x1MDZhZlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NitARmFyYWhWUE4iLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAic25pIjogIiIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ2IjogIjIifQ==Country = #Croatia(üá≠üá∑)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNzIuNjcuMTc5LjE5OSIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogImxpbmRlMDYuaW5kaWF2aWRlby5zYnMiLAogICAgImlkIjogImVkYmIxMDU5LTE2MzMtNDI3MS1iNjZlLWVkNGZiYTQ3YTFiZiIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rd3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTE3Mi42Ny4xNzkuMTk5LTc0NDYiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsCiAgICAic25pIjogIiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiNjIuMTQ2LjIzMy4xMTUiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAiYWxwbiI6ICIiLCAiZnAiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogImY4NjNlZjk5LTVlZjAtNDMyMS1hYWFjLWE0NzZhNWU4YzNmYiIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiMzgzMjQiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYyBTRy02Mi4xNDYuMjMzLjExNTozODMyNCIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzbmkiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ2IjogIjIifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjEuNi4yMDEiLAogICAgImFpZCI6IDAsCiAgICAiaG9zdCI6ICJoa25ieWl2ZmZmai5zaXRlIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICJkMTNmYzJmNS0zZTA1LTQ3OTUtODFlYi00NDE0M2EwOWU1NTIiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvcmJxcXZ3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTA0LjIxLjYuMjAxLTc1MTIiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJoa25ieWl2ZmZmai5zaXRlIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMjMuMTYyLjIwMC45MSIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJhbHBuIjogIiIsICJmcCI6ICIiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICIiLCAiaWQiOiAiY2M5YjY2YjctMWRlNy00YWE5LTk2NDItNTc1YThhZTNmZjE5IiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIiLCAicG9ydCI6ICIyMDE4MiIsICJwcyI6ICJcdWQ4M2RcdWRkMTIgVk0tVENQLU5BIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlNiBDQS0yMy4xNjIuMjAwLjkxOjIwMTgyIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNuaSI6ICIiLCAidGxzIjogIiIsICJ0eXBlIjogIiIsICJ2IjogIjIifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxNzIuNjcuMTcwLjEwMyIsImFpZCI6IjAiLCJhbHBuIjoiaDMiLCJmcCI6ImNocm9tZSIsImhvc3QiOiJnbHdlaWRmLnNicyIsImlkIjoiNzYyMjFiZmItZTkyZi00ZTgwLTgxYzUtNmZlNDhmNTBhYzBiIiwibmV0Ijoid3MiLCJwYXRoIjoiL2xpbmt3cyIsInBvcnQiOiI0NDMiLCJwcyI6Ilvwn4eo8J+Hpl10Lm1lL0NvbmZpZ3NIdWIiLCJzY3kiOiJhdXRvIiwic25pIjoiZ2x3ZWlkZi5zYnMiLCJ0bHMiOiJ0bHMiLCJ0eXBlIjoiIiwidiI6IjIifQ==œü ·¥õ·¥á ú Ä·¥Ä…¥ œü Íú± ú…™ Ä·¥Ä·¥¢ œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü ·¥ã·¥Ä Ä·¥Ä·¥ä œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #·¥Ñ·¥Ä…¥·¥Ä·¥Ö·¥Ä(·¥Ñ·¥Ä)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTIwLjE5OC43MS4yMTQiLCAicG9ydCI6ICIzNDA5MyIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAiaWQiOiAiNDE4MDQ4YWYtYTI5My00Yjk5LTliMGMtOThjYTM1ODBkZDI0IiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICIifQ==Country = #China(üá®üá≥)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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 = #Canada(üá®üá¶)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiNDYuMjUwLjI1My4yMzQiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAiYWxwbiI6ICIiLCAiZnAiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjc2MmIzOTIzLTU4ODUtNGM1Zi04ODZmLWU2Mjc4ODUxMjMzOCIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiMjg4NzIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzbmkiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAidHlwZSI6ICIiLCAidiI6ICIyIn0=Country = #Japan(üáØüáµ)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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 = #Canada(üá®üá¶)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjYuMC45NSIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogIm9iZGlpLmNmZCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiMDU2NDFjZjUtNThkMi00YmE0LWE5ZjEtYjNjZGEwYjFmYjFkIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTA0LjI2LjAuOTUtNzQ3MCIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogZmFsc2UsCiAgICAic25pIjogIm9iZGlpLmNmZCIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMzEuMTI5LjEwNS4yMzkiLCAiYWlkIjogMCwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjc5M2UwM2NjLTJiMDgtNGQxYi1iYjBiLTU5MjU2N2QxOTA0MyIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgInBvcnQiOiAxNjIzMSwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGQxMiBWTS1XUy1OQSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZjdcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZmEgUlUtMzEuMTI5LjEwNS4yMzk6MTYyMzEiLCAidGxzIjogIiIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwgInNuaSI6ICIifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OQSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZWZcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZjUgSlAtMTMuMjMwLjIzNS4yNDc6NDg4ODkiLCAiYWRkIjogIjEzLjIzMC4yMzUuMjQ3IiwgInBvcnQiOiAiNDg4ODkiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgImlkIjogImMxMzBjYjM2LWM5M2YtNGJlNy05MjI4LWE3YTk3ZDQzODg1YSIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsICJob3N0IjogImd5LnlvdWFyZW15Z29kLnRvcCIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlNiBDQS0yMy4xNjIuMjAwLjkxOjIwMTgyIiwgImFkZCI6ICIyMy4xNjIuMjAwLjkxIiwgInBvcnQiOiAyMDE4MiwgImlkIjogImNjOWI2NmI3LTFkZTctNGFhOS05NjQyLTU3NWE4YWUzZmYxOSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNzIuNjcuMTUzLjE1NiIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogInVzd3V4aWFuLnBhaTUwMjg4LnVrIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICJjMzEzNjA2Zi05OGMyLTRkN2ItYmE3NC00OGI5NGY2MWIxMWQiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogODQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTcyLjY3LjE1My4xNTYtMDMwNyIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmYVx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOCBVUy01MS44MS4yMDMuNTc6Mjg4NjAiLCAiYWRkIjogIjUxLjgxLjIwMy41NyIsICJwb3J0IjogMjg4NjAsICJpZCI6ICIxNzg0NDk3ZC0wM2ExLTQwYmItYmI4Yi1kZTRmZmFjN2M1OWMiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogIm5vbmUifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjEuOTQuMTY4IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNjJhYTVmODAtMDMyOC00MDA0LWEzNzUtN2Y1YTU5ZGY0MDIyIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTA0LjIxLjk0LjE2OC03NDQ4IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICIiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYyBTRy02Mi4xNDYuMjMzLjExMjozNjcxMiIsICJhZGQiOiAiNjIuMTQ2LjIzMy4xMTIiLCAicG9ydCI6IDM2NzEyLCAiaWQiOiAiOTI2NmRmNDItMDgzMC00OGMyLTg1MDktNGM1N2IzMGZlMjlkIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNzIuNjcuNzEuMTYwIiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAib2JkaWkuY2ZkIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICIwNTY0MWNmNS01OGQyLTRiYTQtYTlmMS1iM2NkYTBiMWZiMWQiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfj4FSRUxBWS0xNzIuNjcuNzEuMTYwLTc0NzkiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJvYmRpaS5jZmQiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMzguMTQuMTA3LjIyNSIsICJwb3J0IjogMzgwMDMsICJhaWQiOiA2NCwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogInRscyIsICJpZCI6ICI0MTgwNDhhZi1hMjkzLTRiOTktOWIwYy05OGNhMzU4MGRkMjQiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJ3d3cuMjMxNzk3NTMueHl6IiwgInBhdGgiOiAiL3BhdGgvMTgxNzIxMjcyMTE0In0=Country = #United_States(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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 = #France(üá´üá∑)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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 = #France(üá´üá∑)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTU0LjgzLjIuOTAiLCAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywgImFpZCI6IDAsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLCAiaWQiOiAiOTUwZGI2YWEtNDkyNi00NjE2LTgxNmUtZWMwMzEyZGNiODdiIiwgInNuaSI6ICJqYWhma2poYS5jZmQiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJqYWhma2poYS5jZmQiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIn0=Country = #Seychelles(üá∏üá®)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiYWZyaG1zMTZ2LmJlc3R4cmF5LmJ1enoiLCAiYWlkIjogMCwgImhvc3QiOiAiYWZyaG1zMTZ2LmJlc3R4cmF5LmJ1enoiLCAiaWQiOiAiZjU4NGRlMTUtMjAzNC00MTcwLWE3MjMtZjQ4YzJiYWU1ZTBmIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rd3MiLCAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGZlM1x1ZDgzZFx1ZGQyNStcdTA2YTlcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDZcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDQrXHUwNjMzXHUwNjMxXHUwNjQ4XHUwNjMxK1x1MDYzMVx1MDYyN1x1MDZjY1x1MDZhZlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NitARmFyYWhWUE4iLCAidGxzIjogInRscyIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogZmFsc2UsICJzbmkiOiAiYWZyaG1zMTZ2LmJlc3R4cmF5LmJ1enoifQ==Country = #France(üá´üá∑)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNzIuNjcuMTMxLjE3IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNjJhYTVmODAtMDMyOC00MDA0LWEzNzUtN2Y1YTU5ZGY0MDIyIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTcyLjY3LjEzMS4xNy03NDM2IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlY1x1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlNyBHQi0xNDkuNy4xNi4xNDk6MzcxMDEiLCAiYWRkIjogIjE0OS43LjE2LjE0OSIsICJwb3J0IjogMzcxMDEsICJpZCI6ICJmYjNmYzI0My00Njk4LTQ5YzQtOGM0NC0wNDE1ZjY4YTRkMjUiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogIm5vbmUifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMTcuMjEzLjU3IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAieG1pdmlkZW8uY2ZkIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICI5M2VhNDg2YS1iYWRhLTQyYTQtYWMzOC1kMDg4YjMyMGZhMWUiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfj4FSRUxBWS0xMDQuMTcuMjEzLjU3LTc0NDMiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJ4bWl2aWRlby5jZmQiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlNiBDQS02Ny4yMjAuOTQuMTM3OjU3MTIzIiwgImFkZCI6ICI2Ny4yMjAuOTQuMTM3IiwgInBvcnQiOiA1NzEyMywgImlkIjogImI0ZDNhODFiLWVjMGUtNGEyNy1hMzU5LTZkZWEwYzRmMWY3NSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmM1x1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmMSBOTC0xODUuMjIxLjIxOS4yMDo0Nzg1NiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTg1LjIyMS4yMTkuMjAiLCAicG9ydCI6IDQ3ODU2LCAiaWQiOiAiMDY1MDE2MTQtMmNkZS00NTg5LWI3NWYtOGRmODk1ZTY1YjNjIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIyMy4xNTguNTYuMTg0IiwiYWlkIjoiMCIsImFscG4iOiIiLCJmcCI6IiIsImhvc3QiOiIiLCJpZCI6IjA0NjIxYmFlLWFiMzYtMTFlYy1iOTA5LTAyNDJhYzEyMDAwMiIsIm5ldCI6InRjcCIsInBhdGgiOiIiLCJwb3J0IjoiMjIzMjQiLCJwcyI6Itqp2KfZhtmB24zaryDZvtix2LPYsdi52Kog2LHYp9uM2q/Yp9mG8J+Mi0B2bWVzYyIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJ0bHMiOiIiLCJ0eXBlIjoibm9uZSIsInYiOiIyIn0=‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚ù• MciFree serviceüëáüëáüëáüëáüëá‚úÖ @vmesc
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTY5LjE1MC4yMDguODMiLCAicG9ydCI6IDE4MDAwLCAiYWlkIjogMCwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAiaWQiOiAiZjhjOGRjM2QtMGQzNy00NmIwLThiMzQtYTcyMzI4ODJmY2ZlIn0=Country = #Sweden(üá∏üá™)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTQ5LjcuMTYuMTQ5IiwgInBvcnQiOiAzNzEwMSwgImlkIjogImZiM2ZjMjQzLTQ2OTgtNDljNC04YzQ0LTA0MTVmNjhhNGQyNSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9Country = #United_Kingdom(üá¨üáß)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiNTcuMTI5LjI0LjE0MSIsICJwb3J0IjogIjQ0MyIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAiaWQiOiAiMDNmY2M2MTgtYjkzZC02Nzk2LTZhZWQtOGEzOGM5NzVkNTgxIiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rdndzIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMifQ==Country = #Germany(üá©üá™)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAidXMydm1lc3Mucm5tY25tLmNvbSIsICJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJwb3J0IjogODAsICJpZCI6ICI3ZjhhMWJiOS1iZWUwLTQwYTgtZjkwOC0yMWE2NWRhMGYzY2MiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLzEyM3F3ZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIn0=Country = #US(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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 = #Germany(üá©üá™)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJQYXJzVmRzLmlyIiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiZ2x3ZWlkZi5zYnMiLAogICAgImlkIjogIjc2MjIxYmZiLWU5MmYtNGU4MC04MWM1LTZmZTQ4ZjUwYWMwYiIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rd3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTEwNC4yMS45NC4xNjgtMTEzOSIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTA0LjIxLjE2LjEiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAiYWxwbiI6ICIiLCAiZnAiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjdmOGExYmI5LWJlZTAtNDBhOC1mOTA4LTIxYTY1ZGEwZjNjYyIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvMTIzcXdlIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiODAiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVdTLU5BIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGZmNFx1MjAwZFx1MjYyMFx1ZmUwZiBOQS0xMDQuMjEuMTYuMTo4MCIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzbmkiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAidHlwZSI6ICItLS0iLCAidiI6ICIyIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIyMy4xNjIuMjAwLjIyNyIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogIiIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiMDNmY2M2MTgtYjkzZC02Nzk2LTZhZWQtOGEzOGM5NzVkNTgxIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt2d3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+HqPCfh6ZDQS0yMy4xNjIuMjAwLjIyNy03NDQ3IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICIiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxODguMTE0Ljk3Ljc5IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAibGluZGUwNi5pbmRpYXZpZGVvLnNicyIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiZWRiYjEwNTktMTYzMy00MjcxLWI2NmUtZWQ0ZmJhNDdhMWJmIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTg4LjExNC45Ny43OS03NDQwIiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAibGluZGUwNi5pbmRpYXZpZGVvLnNicyIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTA0LjIxLjk2LjEiLCAiYWlkIjogMCwgImhvc3QiOiAiZGUwMS5zaC1jbG91ZGZsYXJlLnNicyIsICJpZCI6ICI3NWEwODg1Zi0wY2E1LTQyYTQtODY1MS0zOTFjZjgxOTMxNTQiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsICJwb3J0IjogMjA5NiwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGQxMiBWTS1XUy1UTFMgXHVkODNjXHVkZmY0XHUyMDBkXHUyNjIwXHVmZTBmIE5BLTEwNC4yMS45Ni4xOjIwOTYiLCAidGxzIjogInRscyIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwgInNuaSI6ICJkZTAxLnNoLWNsb3VkZmxhcmUuc2JzIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjoiMiIsInBzIjoiRC1GQUlUSC02MjI3IiwiYWRkIjoiMTY3LjcxLjI1MC4xMTUiLCJwb3J0IjoiODg4MSIsImlkIjoiZGI1YWZhZTQtYWMyMy00MWE2LTgzNzgtZjMwN2E5YTQ3NDM2IiwiYWlkIjoiMCIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJuZXQiOiJ0Y3AiLCJ0eXBlIjoiaHR0cCIsImhvc3QiOiJtb2kuaXIiLCJwYXRoIjoiLyIsInRscyI6Im5vbmUiLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJhbHBuIjoiIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTc4LjE3NS4xMzUuMTU2IiwgInBvcnQiOiAiNDQzIiwgImlkIjogIjdlNDIxOWFlLThiZjEtNGY3OS05MDJiLTRmMjU5YzY0NTMzZCIsICJhaWQiOiAiNjQiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgImhvc3QiOiAid3d3LjkwMjY3NTQzLnh5eiIsICJwYXRoIjogIi9wYXRoLzIzMDAwNTIxMzEyNyIsICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwgInNuaSI6ICJ3d3cuOTAyNjc1NDMueHl6IiwgImFscG4iOiAiIiwgImZwIjogIiJ9Country = #Moldova(üá≤üá©)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYyBTRy0xNTQuMjYuMTM3LjQyOjQ0MTA0IiwgImFkZCI6ICIxNTQuMjYuMTM3LjQyIiwgInBvcnQiOiA0NDEwNCwgImlkIjogImU5OTMzYTRjLWU1NmUtNDU4Yy1iY2Y0LTljYjM4NzViYmE1NSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmM1x1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmMSBOTC0xNzIuOTkuMTg4LjE5MDo0NzkyNSIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTcyLjk5LjE4OC4xOTAiLCAicG9ydCI6IDQ3OTI1LCAiaWQiOiAiZjU4ZmZkYTItM2VmYy00OWE1LTkwNDctZjhjMmY5M2M1NzVkIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYlx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmNyBGUi0zOC4xMDkuMjI4LjE2MzoyNzA2MCIsICJhZGQiOiAiMzguMTA5LjIyOC4xNjMiLCAicG9ydCI6IDI3MDYwLCAiaWQiOiAiNzFkYTQwYjktYzIwZS00YTZlLTgwY2ItYzgxNDFmNjkzNTI2IiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNTIuNjcuMjUxLjIzMiIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogImlydmlkZW8uY2ZkIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICJlNTM3ZjJmNS0yYTBjLTRmNTktOTJjOS04MzJjYTY0MzNiZjMiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfh7rwn4e4VVMtMTUyLjY3LjI1MS4yMzItNzQzNSIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogZmFsc2UsCiAgICAic25pIjogImlydmlkZW8uY2ZkIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiJhbGlwLmNvbSIsImFpZCI6IjAiLCJhbHBuIjoiIiwiZnAiOiIiLCJob3N0IjoiIiwiaWQiOiJiNGMxZGQ2Mi1mMGRkLTRhNmYtOGU4NS1lNDI5M2EzMzgxODciLCJuZXQiOiJ0Y3AiLCJwYXRoIjoiIiwicG9ydCI6Ijg2NDMiLCJwcyI6Ilvwn4+BXXQubWUvQ29uZmlnc0h1YiIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJ0bHMiOiIiLCJ0eXBlIjoibm9uZSIsInYiOiIyIn0=œü ·¥õ·¥á ú Ä·¥Ä…¥ œü Íú± ú…™ Ä·¥Ä·¥¢ œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü ·¥ã·¥Ä Ä·¥Ä·¥ä œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: # ô Ä…™·¥õ…™s ú·¥†…™ Ä…¢…™…¥…™s ü·¥Ä…¥·¥Ös(·¥†…¢)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiNjUuMTA5LjE5Mi4yNDQiLCAicG9ydCI6IDI5ODc4LCAiaWQiOiAiNDJjZjZhMmEtZmM1Yy00MjJjLTg4YzQtYzJjZTE3MmEyMWE2IiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=Country = #Finland(üá´üáÆ)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiNDYuMjkuMTY2LjIzNyIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJhbHBuIjogIiIsICJmcCI6ICIiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICIiLCAiaWQiOiAiMGM0OWNkMTktMjc1OC00ZDM4LWU2YTgtMTFmMmQ2NjM1ODYwIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIiLCAicG9ydCI6ICI0NzU1NSIsICJwcyI6ICJcdWQ4M2RcdWRmZTNcdWQ4M2RcdWRkMjUrXHUwNmE5XHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2XHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ0K1x1MDYzM1x1MDYzMVx1MDY0OFx1MDYzMStcdTA2MzFcdTA2MjdcdTA2Y2NcdTA2YWZcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDYrQEZhcmFoVlBOIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNuaSI6ICIiLCAidGxzIjogIiIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidiI6ICIyIn0=Country = #Russia(üá∑üá∫)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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Country = #Poland(üáµüá±)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAicHEtYnJhemlsMS4wOXZwbi5jb20iLCAicG9ydCI6ICI4MCIsICJpZCI6ICJjMDRjM2IzNC03MGZkLTRmZWMtOTYzZS1jMTJkMDlmMzZiZWYiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgImhvc3QiOiAicHEtYnJhemlsMS4wOXZwbi5jb20iLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvdm1lc3MvIn0=Country = #Brazil(üáßüá∑)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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Country = #Spain(üá™üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiNjUuMTA5LjE5Mi4yNDQiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAiYWxwbiI6ICIiLCAiZnAiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjg3MGFhZGZmLTNlYWMtNGQ5Zi1hMjFhLWMxYTAxNjY0YThjOCIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiNTI2MzUiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzbmkiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ2IjogIjIifQ==Country = #Finland(üá´üáÆ)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxODguMTE0Ljk5LjE4MyIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogImxpbmRlMDYuaW5kaWF2aWRlby5zYnMiLAogICAgImlkIjogImVkYmIxMDU5LTE2MzMtNDI3MS1iNjZlLWVkNGZiYTQ3YTFiZiIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rd3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTE4OC4xMTQuOTkuMTgzLTc0MjAiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJsaW5kZTA2LmluZGlhdmlkZW8uc2JzIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYyBTRy02Mi4xNDYuMjMyLjE1Nzo1Mjg1NiIsICJhZGQiOiAiNjIuMTQ2LjIzMi4xNTciLCAicG9ydCI6IDUyODU2LCAiaWQiOiAiZWQ1NGUzODgtYmZjNS00YjM2LWFlNGQtOGIzY2Q0NjBkM2Q0IiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIiwgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjEuOTQuMTY4IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNjJhYTVmODAtMDMyOC00MDA0LWEzNzUtN2Y1YTU5ZGY0MDIyIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTA0LjIxLjk0LjE2OC03NDU5IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICIiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess: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Country = #United_States(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIzOC4xNC4xMDcuMjI1IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiA2NCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogInd3dy4yMzE3OTc1My54eXoiLAogICAgImlkIjogIjQxODA0OGFmLWEyOTMtNGI5OS05YjBjLTk4Y2EzNTgwZGQyNCIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9wYXRoLzE4MTcyMTI3MjExNCIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDM4MDAzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfh7rwn4e4VVMtMzguMTQuMTA3LjIyNS03NDk4IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICIiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjEuMTguMjI3IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiamFoZmtqaGEuY2ZkIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICI5NTBkYjZhYS00OTI2LTQ2MTYtODE2ZS1lYzAzMTJkY2I4N2IiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfj4FSRUxBWS0xMDQuMjEuMTguMjI3LTc1MjAiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsCiAgICAic25pIjogIiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjoiMiIsInBzIjoiRC1GT1gtMjA4OCIsImFkZCI6IjEzOC4xOTcuMS4yMjIiLCJwb3J0IjoiODg4MSIsImlkIjoiZGI1YWZhZTQtYWMyMy00MWE2LTgzNzgtZjMwN2E5YTQ3NDM2IiwiYWlkIjoiMCIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJuZXQiOiJ0Y3AiLCJ0eXBlIjoiaHR0cCIsImhvc3QiOiJtb2kuaXIiLCJwYXRoIjoiLyIsInRscyI6Im5vbmUiLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJhbHBuIjoiIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxODUuMTQ2LjE3My4xNTgiLCJhaWQiOiIwIiwiYWxwbiI6IiIsImZwIjoiIiwiaG9zdCI6ImphaGZramhhLmNmZCIsImlkIjoiOTUwZGI2YWEtNDkyNi00NjE2LTgxNmUtZWMwMzEyZGNiODdiIiwibmV0Ijoid3MiLCJwYXRoIjoiL2xpbmt3cyIsInBvcnQiOiI0NDMiLCJwcyI6Ilvwn4e48J+Hql10Lm1lL0NvbmZpZ3NIdWIiLCJzY3kiOiJhdXRvIiwic25pIjoiamFoZmtqaGEuY2ZkIiwidGxzIjoidGxzIiwidHlwZSI6IiIsInYiOiIyIn0=œü ·¥õ·¥á ú Ä·¥Ä…¥ œü Íú± ú…™ Ä·¥Ä·¥¢ œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü ·¥ã·¥Ä Ä·¥Ä·¥ä œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #s·¥°·¥á·¥Ö·¥á…¥(s·¥á)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiczIuZGItbGluazAyLnRvcCIsICJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJwb3J0IjogODA4MCwgImlkIjogIjRiMzY2MjVjLWI5ZDktM2VhNi1hZWQ1LTg2ZDYyYzcwZTE2ZCIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAidHlwZSI6ICIiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICIxMDAtMTE5LTE1MS0yNDguczIuZGItbGluazAyLnRvcCIsICJwYXRoIjogIi9kYWJhaS5pbjE3Mi42NC40MS4xNTAiLCAidGxzIjogIiJ9Country = #US(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTcyLjk5LjE4OC4xOTAiLCAicG9ydCI6IDQ3OTI1LCAiaWQiOiAiZjU4ZmZkYTItM2VmYy00OWE1LTkwNDctZjhjMmY5M2M1NzVkIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=Country = #The_Netherlands(üá≥üá±)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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Country = #Canada(üá®üá¶)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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Country = #Germany(üá©üá™)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTcwLjExNC40NS41MiIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJhbHBuIjogIiIsICJmcCI6ICIiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJ1c3RvdWNqam5pZDE4c2o2dXMubG92ZWJhaXBpYW8uY29tIiwgImlkIjogIjkxOTliZjc4LTg3NjItNGVjNS05YjdmLTA3Mzk2YjcxZTlkNCIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiMjA4NiIsICJwcyI6ICJcdWQ4M2RcdWRkMTIgVk0tV1MtTkEgXHVkODNjXHVkZGZhXHVkODNjXHVkZGY4IFVTLTE3MC4xMTQuNDUuNTI6MjA4NiIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzbmkiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAidHlwZSI6ICIiLCAidiI6ICIyIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess: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ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMzcuMjcuMTgyLjEwOSIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJob3N0IjogIiIsICJpZCI6ICJiM2E2NDM1Yi1mZWFlLTQxZjQtYTZiOC1jZjNjMDllNTM2ZTEiLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJwYXRoIjogIiIsICJwb3J0IjogMzM3OCwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGQxMiBWTS1UQ1AtTk9ORSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZWJcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZWUgRkktMzcuMjcuMTgyLjEwOTozMzc4IiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiIiwgInYiOiAiMiJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxODguMTE0Ljk3Ljc5IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAibGluZGUwNi5pbmRpYXZpZGVvLnNicyIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiZWRiYjEwNTktMTYzMy00MjcxLWI2NmUtZWQ0ZmJhNDdhMWJmIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTg4LjExNC45Ny43OS03NTE3IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAibGluZGUwNi5pbmRpYXZpZGVvLnNicyIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTA0LjIxLjgyLjE4MyIsICJhaWQiOiAwLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJzZXJ2ZXIyNi5iZWhlc2h0YmFuZWguY29tIiwgImlkIjogIjVhNzAyMWUwLTI2YjQtNDVkNi1iMTc1LWZlNTUxNjAxY2E5NyIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgInBvcnQiOiA4ODgwLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVdTLU5BIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGZmNFx1MjAwZFx1MjYyMFx1ZmUwZiBOQS0xMDQuMjEuODIuMTgzOjg4ODAiLCAidGxzIjogIiIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwgInNuaSI6ICIifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjEuOTQuMTY4IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNjJhYTVmODAtMDMyOC00MDA0LWEzNzUtN2Y1YTU5ZGY0MDIyIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTA0LjIxLjk0LjE2OC03NTUwIiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICIiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess: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 = #The_Netherlands(üá≥üá±)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJ1czAxLnNoLWNsb3VkZmxhcmUuc2JzIiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAidXMwMS5zaC1jbG91ZGZsYXJlLnNicyIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiOTE0NTg0ZWUtMzUxNS00NmFjLWEwOWQtNDY3N2EyZTlkYzlhIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDg0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTEwNC4yMS4zMi4xLTA3NjQiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJ1czAxLnNoLWNsb3VkZmxhcmUuc2JzIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlZVx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmMyBJTi05NC4xMzYuMTg0LjE1NTozOTI1MyIsICJhZGQiOiAiOTQuMTM2LjE4NC4xNTUiLCAicG9ydCI6IDM5MjUzLCAiaWQiOiAiNjliNDlhMzUtY2Y1NS00ZDE0LTlmMmItZDdjZTNhMGRiNzJlIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmYVx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOCBVUy0xNS4yMDQuMjQ4LjkyOjMwNTYyIiwgImFkZCI6ICIxNS4yMDQuMjQ4LjkyIiwgInBvcnQiOiAzMDU2MiwgImlkIjogIjgyNDY2NzE1LTZhNTgtNDA0Ni1hMzYzLWEwZDE4ZTViMmFiNCIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAidXN3dXhpYW4ucGFpNTAyODgudWsiLCAidiI6ICIyIiwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGZlM1x1ZDgzZFx1ZGQyNStcdTA2YTlcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDZcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDQrXHUwNjMzXHUwNjMxXHUwNjQ4XHUwNjMxK1x1MDYzMVx1MDYyN1x1MDZjY1x1MDZhZlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NitARmFyYWhWUE4iLCAicG9ydCI6IDg0NDMsICJpZCI6ICJjMzEzNjA2Zi05OGMyLTRkN2ItYmE3NC00OGI5NGY2MWIxMWQiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAidXN3dXhpYW4ucGFpNTAyODgudWsiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMifQ==Country = #US(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTcyLjk5LjE4OC41NSIsICJwb3J0IjogMTcyODQsICJpZCI6ICJlNGVmZTEyZC05N2MwLTRmZDctYmZkNC0wNjlmZjA0ZThkNDQiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogIm5vbmUifQ==Country = #The_Netherlands(üá≥üá±)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiODguMTk4LjE3Mi4yNSIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJhbHBuIjogIiIsICJmcCI6ICIiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICIiLCAiaWQiOiAiZTdlYjQ3MmUtZGM4My00OWQ1LWJlNWUtODJhNzlhMjEyNGVlIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJncnBjIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiSmJpQjhWNjZWNzhIZjViaXZmc2lzOHZIIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiMTUxNDUiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLUdSUEMtTkEgXHVkODNjXHVkZGU5XHVkODNjXHVkZGVhIERFLTg4LjE5OC4xNzIuMjU6MTUxNDUiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAic25pIjogIiIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiZ3VuIiwgInYiOiAiMiJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMjMuMTYyLjIwMC45MSIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJob3N0IjogIiIsICJpZCI6ICJjYzliNjZiNy0xZGU3LTRhYTktOTY0Mi01NzVhOGFlM2ZmMTkiLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJwYXRoIjogIiIsICJwb3J0IjogIjIwMTgyIiwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGQxMiBWTS1UQ1AtTkEgXHVkODNjXHVkZGU4XHVkODNjXHVkZGU2IENBLTIzLjE2Mi4yMDAuOTE6MjAxODIiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAic25pIjogIiIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiIiwgInYiOiAiMiJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNzIuNjcuMTYxLjc3IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAibGluZGUwNi5pbmRpYXZpZGVvLnNicyIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiZWRiYjEwNTktMTYzMy00MjcxLWI2NmUtZWQ0ZmJhNDdhMWJmIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTcyLjY3LjE2MS43Ny03NTYyIiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAibGluZGUwNi5pbmRpYXZpZGVvLnNicyIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICI2YThlMGNhMi1zdWN2NDAtdDgybzV0LWxidzUuaGsucDVwdi5jb20iLAogICAgImFpZCI6IDIsCiAgICAiaG9zdCI6ICJicm9hZGNhc3Rsdi5jaGF0LmJpbGliaWxpLmNvbSIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiMGU1MTFmNTAtNzkzZi0xMWVhLWI4NzMtZjIzYzkxY2ZiYmM5IiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDgwLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfh63wn4ewSEstMS42NS4yMTguMTI5LTA5MTciLAogICAgInRscyI6ICIiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsCiAgICAic25pIjogIiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJzMi5kYi1saW5rMDEudG9wIiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiMTAwLTEzMC0xMzYtNTAuczIuZGItbGluazAxLnRvcCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNGIzNjYyNWMtYjlkOS0zZWE2LWFlZDUtODZkNjJjNzBlMTZkIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2RhYmFpLmluMTA0LjIxLjEzMy4xMiIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDIwOTUsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTEwNC4xNy4yMTMuMjQxLTA4OTEiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICIiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsCiAgICAic25pIjogIiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJueTEtZGFzaC44OTA2OTkueHl6IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAibnkxLWRhc2guODkwNjk5Lnh5eiIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNjU4Yjg3ZTAtNWQ5Mi00NDI0LWQzNDQtYzE2N2FjZDZhNzdmIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL255MS1zdWIuODkwNjk5Lnh5eiIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDIwOTYsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTEwNC4yMS4zMi4xLTU2OTYiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJueTEtc3ViLjg5MDY5OS54eXoiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiI0Ni4yOS4xNjYuMjM3IiwiYWlkIjoiMCIsImFscG4iOiIiLCJmcCI6IiIsImhvc3QiOiIiLCJpZCI6IjBjNDljZDE5LTI3NTgtNGQzOC1lNmE4LTExZjJkNjYzNTg2MCIsIm5ldCI6InRjcCIsInBhdGgiOiIiLCJwb3J0IjoiNDc1NTUiLCJwcyI6Itiz2LHZiNixINix2KfbjNqv2KfZhiDZvtix2LPYsdi52Krwn4yKIEB2bWVzc19pciIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJ0bHMiOiIiLCJ0eXBlIjoibm9uZSIsInYiOiIyIn0=ŸÖÿÆÿµŸàÿµ ÿß€åÿ±ÿßŸÜÿ≥ŸÑ Ÿà ÿ±ÿß€åÿ™ŸÑ‚úÖÿ≠ÿ™ŸÖÿß ÿ®Ÿá ÿßÿ¥ÿ™ÿ±ÿß⁄© ÿ®ÿ≤ÿßÿ±€åÿØ ‚úÖ@vmess_irüöÄüöÄüí¨üí¨üí¨üì∑üì∑üí¨üì∫üì∫üí¨üòçÿØÿ± ÿµŸàÿ±ÿ™ ÿßÿ™ÿµÿßŸÑ ÿ≠ÿ™ŸÖÿß ÿØÿ± ÿ±€å⁄©ÿ¥ŸÜ Ÿáÿß ÿ¥ÿ±⁄©ÿ™ ⁄©ŸÜ€åÿØüòç
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxMDcuMTQ4LjIwNy4yNDkiLCJhaWQiOiIwIiwiYWxwbiI6IiIsImZwIjoiIiwiaG9zdCI6ImFwcHN2cy5zaG9wIiwiaWQiOiI0MTgwNDhhZi1hMjkzLTRiOTktOWIwYy05OGNhMzU4MGRkMjQiLCJuZXQiOiJ0Y3AiLCJwYXRoIjoiLyIsInBvcnQiOiI0ODcxMiIsInBzIjoiW/Cfh7rwn4e4XXQubWUvQ29uZmlnc0h1YiIsImlkIjoiNDE4MDQ4YWYtYTI5My00Yjk5LTliMGMtOThjYTM1ODBkZDI0IiwibmV0IjoidGNwIiwicGF0aCI6Ii8iLCJwb3J0IjoiNDg3MTIiLCJwcyI6IldpRmktQFYycmF5X0FscGhhLTE0Iiwic2N5IjoiYXV0byIsInNuaSI6IiIsInRscyI6IiIsInR5cGUiOiJub25lIiwidiI6IjIifQ==œü ·¥õ·¥á ú Ä·¥Ä…¥ œü Íú± ú…™ Ä·¥Ä·¥¢ œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü ·¥ã·¥Ä Ä·¥Ä·¥ä œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #·¥ú…¥…™·¥õ·¥á·¥Ös·¥õ·¥Ä·¥õ·¥ás(·¥ús)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxODYuMTkwLjIxNS45MyIsImFpZCI6IjAiLCJhbHBuIjoiIiwiZnAiOiIiLCJob3N0IjoiIiwiaWQiOiIwNDYyMWJhZS1hYjM2LTExZWMtYjkwOS0wMjQyYWMxMjAwMDIiLCJuZXQiOiJ0Y3AiLCJwYXRoIjoiIiwicG9ydCI6IjIyMzI0IiwicHMiOiJb8J+PgV10Lm1lL0NvbmZpZ3NIdWIiLCJzY3kiOiJhdXRvIiwic25pIjoiIiwidGxzIjoiIiwidHlwZSI6Im5vbmUiLCJ2IjoiMiJ9œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #s·¥°…™·¥õ·¥¢·¥á Ä ü·¥Ä…¥·¥Ö(·¥Ñ ú)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIyMy4xNTguNTYuMjEiLCJhaWQiOiIwIiwiYWxwbiI6IiIsImZwIjoiIiwiaG9zdCI6IiIsImlkIjoiNmVlZjM0NDgtYmJjMC00OTMzLTg5NGEtNzJiM2U4Nzg2MTA5IiwibmV0IjoidGNwIiwicGF0aCI6IiIsInBvcnQiOiI0ODk2MSIsInBzIjoiW/Cfh6nwn4eqXXQubWUvQ29uZmlnc0h1YiIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJ0bHMiOiIiLCJ0eXBlIjoibm9uZSIsInYiOiIyIn0=œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #…¢·¥á Ä·¥ç·¥Ä…¥ è(·¥Ö·¥á)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiNTEuNzkuMTAyLjI1MyIsICJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJwb3J0IjogODAsICJpZCI6ICI1OGZlMTU0Mi01MjkwLTQwYWQtODE1YS03NzcwN2E4MWFmZTUiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiL0lPZWJoTE1obDFDVGJGSGJMOTVteWZSWDIiLCAidGxzIjogIiJ9Country = #Canada(üá®üá¶)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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Country = #Germany(üá©üá™)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAidXN3dXhpYW4ucGFpNTAyODgudWsiLCAidiI6ICIyIiwgInBvcnQiOiA4NDQzLCAiaWQiOiAiYzMxMzYwNmYtOThjMi00ZDdiLWJhNzQtNDhiOTRmNjFiMTFkIiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsICJ0eXBlIjogIiIsICJob3N0IjogInVzd3V4aWFuLnBhaTUwMjg4LnVrIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGZlM1x1ZDgzZFx1ZGQyNStcdTA2YTlcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDZcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDQrXHUwNjMzXHUwNjMxXHUwNjQ4XHUwNjMxK1x1MDYzMVx1MDYyN1x1MDZjY1x1MDZhZlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NitARmFyYWhWUE4ifQ==Country = #US(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYlx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmNyBGUi0zOC4xMDkuMjI4LjIxNDoxNDg1NCIsICJhZGQiOiAiMzguMTA5LjIyOC4yMTQiLCAicG9ydCI6IDE0ODU0LCAiaWQiOiAiZjBhMjE0YmEtMmE0Zi00ZjIyLWIzNDItMDMxMjM3MjZhYjI3IiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxODguMTE0Ljk5LjE4MyIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogImxpbmRlMDYuaW5kaWF2aWRlby5zYnMiLAogICAgImlkIjogImVkYmIxMDU5LTE2MzMtNDI3MS1iNjZlLWVkNGZiYTQ3YTFiZiIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rd3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTE4OC4xMTQuOTkuMTgzLTc1NDMiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJsaW5kZTA2LmluZGlhdmlkZW8uc2JzIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJmazItYmFzaC44OTA2MTcueHl6IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiZmsyLWJhc2guODkwNjE3Lnh5eiIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiZmVkZGMzMjYtZGE3MC00ZmFiLTk1YTktOGY5OGJlNmRhNjMzIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2ZrMi0xIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogMjA4NywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTcyLjY3LjE1OS41Ni01NjI0IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiZmsyLWJhc2guODkwNjE3Lnh5eiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICI1MS43Ny4yMC4xMzciLAogICAgImFpZCI6IDAsCiAgICAiaG9zdCI6ICJ0aWxlYmFuaS5jb20iLAogICAgImlkIjogIjAzZmNjNjE4LWI5M2QtNjc5Ni02YWVkLThhMzhjOTc1ZDU4MSIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rdndzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfh6vwn4e3RlItNTEuNzcuMjAuMTM3LTc1NzkiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsCiAgICAic25pIjogIiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxMDQuMTkuMTUwLjEwIiwiYWlkIjoiMCIsImFscG4iOiIiLCJmcCI6IiIsImhvc3QiOiJtY2kubXRuLmlyLmNvbS5vcmcubmV0Lm9tMi5tdXNpY2ZhMTIzLmlyLiIsImlkIjoiOTRmMzMyYjAtYzVkMy00NTMxLWExZDYtNmU2MzU4Y2M2YzcyIiwibmV0IjoiaHR0cHVwZ3JhZGUiLCJwYXRoIjoiL2QzZDNMbWx5WVc1b2IzTjBMbU52YlFcdTAwM2RcdTAwM2Q/ZWRcdTAwM2QyNTYwIiwicG9ydCI6IjIwOTUiLCJwcyI6Itqp2KfZhtmB24zaryDZvtix2LPYsdi52Kog2LHYp9uM2q/Yp9mG8J+Mi0B2bWVzYyIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJ0bHMiOiIiLCJ0eXBlIjoiLS0tIiwidiI6IjIifQ==‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚ù• MtnFree serviceüëáüëáüëáüëáüëá‚úÖ @vmesc
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxNDYuMTkuMTY4LjE2MSIsImFpZCI6IjAiLCJhbHBuIjoiIiwiZnAiOiJjaHJvbWUiLCJob3N0IjoiYXowNS5iZXlvbmR5LmNmZCIsImlkIjoiM2Y2MzhmMzQtOGRiYS00MTg2LWJjNDMtMjcxNmE3ZGRkNGJlIiwibmV0Ijoid3MiLCJwYXRoIjoiL2xpbmsiLCJwb3J0IjoiNDQzIiwicHMiOiJb8J+Hq/Cfh7dddC5tZS9Db25maWdzSHViIiwic2N5IjoiYXV0byIsInNuaSI6ImF6MDUuYmV5b25keS5jZmQiLCJ0bHMiOiJ0bHMiLCJ0eXBlIjoiIiwidiI6IjIifQ==œü ·¥õ·¥á ú Ä·¥Ä…¥ œü Íú± ú…™ Ä·¥Ä·¥¢ œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü ·¥ã·¥Ä Ä·¥Ä·¥ä œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #“ì Ä·¥Ä…¥·¥Ñ·¥á(“ì Ä)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess: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Country = #China(üá®üá≥)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiNjcuMjIwLjk0LjEzNyIsICJwb3J0IjogNTcxMjMsICJpZCI6ICJiNGQzYTgxYi1lYzBlLTRhMjctYTM1OS02ZGVhMGM0ZjFmNzUiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogIm5vbmUifQ==Country = #Canada(üá®üá¶)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlOVx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYSBERS0xOTMuMTA4LjExOC4xMzY6MTU3MTMiLCAiYWRkIjogIjE5My4xMDguMTE4LjEzNiIsICJwb3J0IjogMTU3MTMsICJpZCI6ICJmNzRlMjc3ZS04NGIzLTQ2YTItOGFiZC0yNzc3ZmE1ZTRhZjkiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogIm5vbmUifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMzQuMTk1LjE5OC4xNDciLAogICAgImFpZCI6IDAsCiAgICAiaG9zdCI6ICJpbm5hLmNmZCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiMDNmY2M2MTgtYjkzZC02Nzk2LTZhZWQtOGEzOGM5NzVkNTgxIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt2d3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+HqPCfh6ZDQS0xMzQuMTk1LjE5OC4xNDctNzUyOCIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNzIuNjcuMTg5LjI3IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAibnkyLXN1Yi45MzAucHAudWEiLAogICAgImlkIjogImYwODJlZWNhLWUwNjgtNDVmOS1kMWJmLTQ2ZTlkZTliZGY1NyIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9ueTItc3ViLjkzMC5wcC51YSIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDIwNTMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTE3Mi42Ny4xODkuMjctMDgxMiIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogZmFsc2UsCiAgICAic25pIjogIm55Mi1zdWIuOTMwLnBwLnVhIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYyBTRy02Mi4xNDYuMjMzLjc5OjQ0MTI3IiwgImFkZCI6ICI2Mi4xNDYuMjMzLjc5IiwgInBvcnQiOiA0NDEyNywgImlkIjogImFlMGZhODIyLTU4YmItNDgzZi05YWY1LWQ0MTdkOGMyM2IyMSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OQSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZjhcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZWEgU0UtMTY5LjE1MC4yMDguODM6MTgwMDAiLCAiYWRkIjogIjE2OS4xNTAuMjA4LjgzIiwgInBvcnQiOiAxODAwMCwgImFpZCI6IDAsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogImY4YzhkYzNkLTBkMzctNDZiMC04YjM0LWE3MjMyODgyZmNmZSJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTAzLjY3Ljc5LjE1NyIsICJwb3J0IjogNDUzNjUsICJpZCI6ICI3ZDJhNGU2Ni0xNTJjLTQ5ZjUtOWZmNS1jMTlhODM2ZThjODkiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidGxzIjogIm5vbmUifQ==Country = #Indonesia(üáÆüá©)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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Country = #The_Netherlands(üá≥üá±)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJiZTRhYzAzYy1zdW00ZzAtc3gxY3h4LTF0ZmprLnN2LnBsZWJhaS5uZXQiLAogICAgImFpZCI6IDIsCiAgICAiaG9zdCI6ICJicm9hZGNhc3Rsdi5jaGF0LmJpbGliaWxpLmNvbSIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNDkzOTZkOTgtZjRiNC0xMWVmLThjM2YtZjIzYzkxM2M4ZDJiIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDgwLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfh7rwn4e4VVMtMTk4LjIuMjQzLjUxLTA5MTYiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICIiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsCiAgICAic25pIjogIiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess: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ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJobXMyNi54cGVuZ21vdG9ycy5zYnMiLAogICAgImFpZCI6IDAsCiAgICAiaG9zdCI6ICJobXMyNi54cGVuZ21vdG9ycy5zYnMiLAogICAgImlkIjogImZiMGEyZGU2LWJmMDYtNGZmMC05N2NlLWMyMWFiY2RjMmQ1NSIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rd3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+Hq/Cfh7dGUi00NS4xNDUuMTY2LjIwOS01NTA3IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiaG1zMjYueHBlbmdtb3RvcnMuc2JzIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlNlx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmYSBBVS0xNTQuMjYuMTUzLjE2MToyMTc1OSIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTU0LjI2LjE1My4xNjEiLCAicG9ydCI6IDIxNzU5LCAiaWQiOiAiZTVmMTZmYWQtZjljMy00NTJiLThlNzEtYmM5NTA0ZTI5ZmM5IiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIiwgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIzOC4xNC4xMDcuMjI2IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiA2NCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogIiIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNDE4MDQ4YWYtYTI5My00Yjk5LTliMGMtOThjYTM1ODBkZDI0IiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL3BhdGgvMzQwNDM0MTMwMDMyIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogMzgwMDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+HuvCfh7hVUy0zOC4xNC4xMDcuMjI2LTU1MDMiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsCiAgICAic25pIjogIiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjEuMTguMjI3IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiamFoZmtqaGEuY2ZkIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICI5NTBkYjZhYS00OTI2LTQ2MTYtODE2ZS1lYzAzMTJkY2I4N2IiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfj4FSRUxBWS0xMDQuMjEuMTguMjI3LTc1NjEiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsCiAgICAic25pIjogIiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIwNmU2YjA3NS1zdW00ZzAtc3gxY3h4LTF0ZmprLmhrMy5wNXB2LmNvbSIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMiwKICAgICJob3N0IjogImJyb2FkY2FzdGx2LmNoYXQuYmlsaWJpbGkuY29tIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICI0OTM5NmQ5OC1mNGI0LTExZWYtOGMzZi1mMjNjOTEzYzhkMmIiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogODAsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+HrfCfh7BISy0xLjY1LjIwOC4xMjgtMjM0MSIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogIiIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAiYWRkIjogIjYyLjE0Ni4yMzIuMTUyIiwgInBvcnQiOiAzMzA2NCwgImlkIjogIjk0MmQ1NmU0LWNmNzItNGE3YS1hODdjLWY1NTVhMjcwZDc5YSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSIsICJwcyI6ICJcdWQ4M2RcdWRmZTNcdWQ4M2RcdWRkMjUrXHUwNmE5XHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2XHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ0K1x1MDYzM1x1MDYzMVx1MDY0OFx1MDYzMStcdTA2MzFcdTA2MjdcdTA2Y2NcdTA2YWZcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDYrQEZhcmFoVlBOIn0=Country = #Singapore(üá∏üá¨)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJobXMxOS5iZXN0LXRpemkudG9wIiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiaG1zMTkuYmVzdC10aXppLnRvcCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNjJhYTVmODAtMDMyOC00MDA0LWEzNzUtN2Y1YTU5ZGY0MDIyIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4ep8J+HqkRFLTkxLjE5NS4yNDAuMTItNzYwNyIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogZmFsc2UsCiAgICAic25pIjogImhtczE5LmJlc3QtdGl6aS50b3AiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJsb24yLWRhc2guOTMwLnBwLnVhIiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAibG9uMi1kYXNoLjkzMC5wcC51YSIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiYmM4NmY5NDktNzE1Mi00MzY3LTkyZjUtN2ExMWVhY2Y5YzliIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xvbjItc3ViLjkzMC5wcC51YSIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDIwOTYsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTEwNC4yMS41Ny4zOC01NTg1IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiBmYWxzZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAibG9uMi1zdWIuOTMwLnBwLnVhIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxMDMuMTQ5LjE4My4xNzgiLCJhaWQiOiIwIiwiYWxwbiI6IiIsImZwIjoiIiwiaG9zdCI6IiIsImlkIjoiM2E5MDc5NTYtZjY2OC00ZTZiLWVhMDMtMDk0OWYwYzljMGE1IiwibmV0IjoidGNwIiwicGF0aCI6IiIsInBvcnQiOiI1NDY3NSIsInBzIjoi2LPYsdmI2LEg2LHYp9uM2q/Yp9mGINm+2LHYs9ix2LnYqvCfjIogQHZtZXNzX2lyIiwic2N5IjoiYXV0byIsInNuaSI6IiIsInRscyI6IiIsInR5cGUiOiJub25lIiwidiI6IjIifQ==ŸÖÿÆÿµŸàÿµ ŸáŸÖÿ±ÿßŸá ÿßŸàŸÑ Ÿà Ÿàÿß€åŸÅÿß€å‚úÖÿ≠ÿ™ŸÖÿß ÿ®Ÿá ÿßÿ¥ÿ™ÿ±ÿß⁄© ÿ®ÿ≤ÿßÿ±€åÿØ ‚úÖ@vmess_irüöÄüöÄüí¨üí¨üí¨üì∑üì∑üí¨üì∫üì∫üí¨üòçÿØÿ± ÿµŸàÿ±ÿ™ ÿßÿ™ÿµÿßŸÑ ÿ≠ÿ™ŸÖÿß ÿØÿ± ÿ±€å⁄©ÿ¥ŸÜ Ÿáÿß ÿ¥ÿ±⁄©ÿ™ ⁄©ŸÜ€åÿØüòç
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxODguMTE0Ljk3LjYiLCJhaWQiOiIwIiwiYWxwbiI6IiIsImhvc3QiOiJsaW5kZTA2LmluZGlhdmlkZW8uc2JzIiwiaWQiOiJlZGJiMTA1OS0xNjMzLTQyNzEtYjY2ZS1lZDRmYmE0N2ExYmYiLCJuZXQiOiJ3cyIsInBhdGgiOiIvbGlua3dzIiwicG9ydCI6IjQ0MyIsInBzIjoiW/Cfh6jwn4emXXQubWUvQ29uZmlnc0h1YiIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJzbmkiOiJsaW5kZTA2LmluZGlhdmlkZW8uc2JzIiwidGxzIjoidGxzIiwidHlwZSI6IiIsInYiOiIyIn0=œü ·¥õ·¥á ú Ä·¥Ä…¥ œü Íú± ú…™ Ä·¥Ä·¥¢ œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü ·¥ã·¥Ä Ä·¥Ä·¥ä œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #·¥Ñ·¥Ä…¥·¥Ä·¥Ö·¥Ä(·¥Ñ·¥Ä)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAidjkuaGVkdWlhbi5saW5rIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiMzA4MDkiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgImlkIjogImNiYjNmODc3LWQxZmItMzQ0Yy04N2E5LWQxNTNiZmZkNTQ4NCIsICJhaWQiOiAiMiIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvb29vbyIsICJob3N0IjogImJhaWR1LmNvbSIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIn0=Country = #China(üá®üá≥)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTA0LjIxLjExMi4xIiwgInYiOiAiMiIsICJwcyI6ICJcdWQ4M2RcdWRmZTNcdWQ4M2RcdWRkMjUrXHUwNmE5XHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2XHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ0K1x1MDYzM1x1MDYzMVx1MDY0OFx1MDYzMStcdTA2MzFcdTA2MjdcdTA2Y2NcdTA2YWZcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDYrQEZhcmFoVlBOIiwgInBvcnQiOiA4MCwgImlkIjogIjdmOGExYmI5LWJlZTAtNDBhOC1mOTA4LTIxYTY1ZGEwZjNjYyIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAidHlwZSI6ICIiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJ1czJ2bWVzcy5ybm1jbm0uY29tIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLzEyM3F3ZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIn0=Country = #US(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAia3IzLnR0Y2MudGVjaCIsICJwb3J0IjogIjQ0MyIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLCAiaWQiOiAiYjJkMTA2NzMtMjRjYy00Zjk2LWIxZjMtZGE4YjE3NTg5MDc3IiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLyJ9Country = #South_Korea(üá∞üá∑)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiNjIuMTQ2LjIzMi4xNTMiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAiYWxwbiI6ICIiLCAiZnAiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjEzZTEzYTNlLWU5ODEtNGVlYS1hOWZjLTEzZTUwNjI4ZmQ5YiIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiNTMxNDQiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OQSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZjhcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZWMgU0ctNjIuMTQ2LjIzMi4xNTM6NTMxNDQiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAic25pIjogIiIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ2IjogIjIifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTA0LjE5LjQ4LjIzNiIsICJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVdTLU5BIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGZmNFx1MjAwZFx1MjYyMFx1ZmUwZiBOQS0xMDQuMTkuNDguMjM2OjIwODIiLCAicG9ydCI6IDIwODIsICJpZCI6ICI0YjM2NjI1Yy1iOWQ5LTNlYTYtYWVkNS04NmQ2MmM3MGUxNmQiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiMTAwLTU5LTE3OC0yNDcuczQuY24tZGIudG9wIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiL2RhYmFpLmluMTA0LjE5LjEwMS4xMTAiLCAidGxzIjogIiJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiNTEuODEuMjAzLjU3IiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgImFscG4iOiAiIiwgImZwIjogIiIsICJob3N0IjogIiIsICJpZCI6ICIxNzg0NDk3ZC0wM2ExLTQwYmItYmI4Yi1kZTRmZmFjN2M1OWMiLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJwYXRoIjogIiIsICJwb3J0IjogIjI4ODYwIiwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGQxMiBWTS1UQ1AtTk9ORSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZmFcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZjggVVMtNTEuODEuMjAzLjU3OjI4ODYwIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNuaSI6ICIiLCAidGxzIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInYiOiAiMiJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMzguNDguMjI3LjIzMSIsICJhaWQiOiA2NCwgImhvc3QiOiAid3d3LjQyMjY2NDUxLnh5eiIsICJpZCI6ICI0MTgwNDhhZi1hMjkzLTRiOTktOWIwYy05OGNhMzU4MGRkMjQiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiL3BhdGgvMjQwODExMDYyODEzIiwgInBvcnQiOiA0Nzc3OCwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGQxMiBWTS1XUy1UTFMgXHVkODNjXHVkZGZhXHVkODNjXHVkZGY4IFVTLTM4LjQ4LjIyNy4yMzE6NDc3NzgiLCAidGxzIjogInRscyIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogZmFsc2UsICJzbmkiOiAid3d3LjQyMjY2NDUxLnh5eiJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJsb24xLWRhc2guODkwNjk5Lnh5eiIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogImxvbjEtc3ViLjg5MDY5OS54eXoiLAogICAgImlkIjogIjQxOTYzZTZiLTI5NWQtNDVhMC1iNmNjLTM4ZmJkZDNlM2Y3NSIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9sb24xLXN1Yi44OTA2OTkueHl6IiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogODQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTA0LjIxLjQ4LjEtMDc0OSIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OQSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZThcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZjMgQ04tMTgzLjIzNi41MS4zNjo1OTAwMyIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTgzLjIzNi41MS4zNiIsICJwb3J0IjogIjU5MDAzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJpZCI6ICI0MTgwNDhhZi1hMjkzLTRiOTktOWIwYy05OGNhMzU4MGRkMjQiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJwYXRoIjogIi8iLCAiaG9zdCI6ICIiLCAidGxzIjogIiJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlNiBDQS02Ny4yMjAuOTQuMTk2OjQ3OTQxIiwgImFkZCI6ICI2Ny4yMjAuOTQuMTk2IiwgInBvcnQiOiA0Nzk0MSwgImlkIjogIjRiZTQ0MTgwLTI1ZjktNDUyZi1hYjZiLWJlMDc1OGNlZjJiNiIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZX0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNzIuNjcuMTc5LjE5OSIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogImxpbmRlMDYuaW5kaWF2aWRlby5zYnMiLAogICAgImlkIjogImVkYmIxMDU5LTE2MzMtNDI3MS1iNjZlLWVkNGZiYTQ3YTFiZiIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rd3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTE3Mi42Ny4xNzkuMTk5LTc1MjIiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsCiAgICAic25pIjogIiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxODguMTE0Ljk2LjUiLAogICAgImFpZCI6IDAsCiAgICAiaG9zdCI6ICJsaW5kZTA2LmluZGlhdmlkZW8uc2JzIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICJlZGJiMTA1OS0xNjMzLTQyNzEtYjY2ZS1lZDRmYmE0N2ExYmYiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfj4FSRUxBWS0xODguMTE0Ljk2LjUtNzU1OSIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogZmFsc2UsCiAgICAic25pIjogImxpbmRlMDYuaW5kaWF2aWRlby5zYnMiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVJBVy1OQSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZjhcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZWMgU0ctNjIuMTQ2LjIzMy4xMTI6MzY3MTIiLCAiYWRkIjogIjYyLjE0Ni4yMzMuMTEyIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiMzY3MTIiLCAiaWQiOiAiOTI2NmRmNDItMDgzMC00OGMyLTg1MDktNGM1N2IzMGZlMjlkIiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJyYXciLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJxdWl6LmludC52aWRpby5jb20iLAogICAgImFpZCI6IDAsCiAgICAiaG9zdCI6ICJzZXJ2MS5pZGtzMS53ZWIuaWQiLAogICAgImlkIjogIjljN2M3MDM5LWE1ZjEtNDdiMi05MjI1LWNiYjViZjAzYjllNiIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi92bWVzcyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTA0LjIyLjQuMjQwLTA3MzAiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJzZXJ2MS5pZGtzMS53ZWIuaWQiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMS42NS4yMDQuMjExIiwgImFpZCI6IDIsICJob3N0IjogImJyb2FkY2FzdGx2LmNoYXQuYmlsaWJpbGkuY29tIiwgImlkIjogIjQ5Mzk2ZDk4LWY0YjQtMTFlZi04YzNmLWYyM2M5MTNjOGQyYiIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgInBvcnQiOiA4MCwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGQxMiBWTS1XUy1OQSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZWRcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZjAgSEstMS42NS4yMDQuMjExOjgwIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLCAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsICJzbmkiOiAiIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxMDQuMTkuMTUwLjEwIiwiYWlkIjoiMCIsImFscG4iOiIiLCJmcCI6IiIsImhvc3QiOiJtY2kubXRuLmlyLmNvbS5vcmcubmV0Lm9tMi5tdXNpY2ZhMTIzLmlyLiIsImlkIjoiOTRmMzMyYjAtYzVkMy00NTMxLWExZDYtNmU2MzU4Y2M2YzcyIiwibmV0IjoiaHR0cHVwZ3JhZGUiLCJwYXRoIjoiL2QzZDNMbWx5WVc1b2IzTjBMbU52YlFcdTAwM2RcdTAwM2Q/ZWRcdTAwM2QyNTYwIiwicG9ydCI6IjIwOTUiLCJwcyI6Itiz2LHZiNixINix2KfbjNqv2KfZhiDZvtix2LPYsdi52Krwn4yKIEB2bWVzc19pciIsInNjeSI6ImF1dG8iLCJzbmkiOiIiLCJ0bHMiOiIiLCJ0eXBlIjoiLS0tIiwidiI6IjIifQ==ŸÖÿÆÿµŸàÿµ ÿß€åÿ±ÿßŸÜÿ≥ŸÑ Ÿà ÿ±ÿß€åÿ™ŸÑ‚úÖÿ≠ÿ™ŸÖÿß ÿ®Ÿá ÿßÿ¥ÿ™ÿ±ÿß⁄© ÿ®ÿ≤ÿßÿ±€åÿØ ‚úÖ@vmess_irüöÄüöÄüí¨üí¨üí¨üì∑üì∑üí¨üì∫üì∫üí¨üòçÿØÿ± ÿµŸàÿ±ÿ™ ÿßÿ™ÿµÿßŸÑ ÿ≠ÿ™ŸÖÿß ÿØÿ± ÿ±€å⁄©ÿ¥ŸÜ Ÿáÿß ÿ¥ÿ±⁄©ÿ™ ⁄©ŸÜ€åÿØüòç
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAibG9uMS1kYXNoLjg5MDY5OS54eXoiLCAiYWlkIjogMCwgImhvc3QiOiAibG9uMS1zdWIuODkwNjk5Lnh5eiIsICJpZCI6ICI0MTk2M2U2Yi0yOTVkLTQ1YTAtYjZjYy0zOGZiZGQzZTNmNzUiLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xvbjEtc3ViLjg5MDY5OS54eXoiLCAicG9ydCI6IDg0NDMsICJwcyI6ICJcdWQ4M2RcdWRmZTNcdWQ4M2RcdWRkMjUrXHUwNmE5XHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2XHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ0K1x1MDYzM1x1MDYzMVx1MDY0OFx1MDYzMStcdTA2MzFcdTA2MjdcdTA2Y2NcdTA2YWZcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDYrQEZhcmFoVlBOIiwgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLCAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsICJzbmkiOiAiIn0=Country = #US(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMjMuMTYyLjE1Mi4xNzUiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAiYWxwbiI6ICIiLCAiZnAiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjI4YmJiOWZmLWEwNzYtNDVhOS1iYTdiLTk1ZjhhNmMzNzFjNCIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiNTYzOTkiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYlx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmNyBGUi0yMy4xNjIuMTUyLjE3NTo1NjM5OSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzbmkiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ2IjogIjIifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYlx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmNyBGUi0yMy4xNjIuMTUyLjExMToyNTk1MSIsICJhZGQiOiAiMjMuMTYyLjE1Mi4xMTEiLCAicG9ydCI6IDI1OTUxLCAiaWQiOiAiZTdhYzcxOGEtMTc1MS00ODljLTgyMDUtMjQyMjkyNTliNDEwIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIiwgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTIwLjE5OC43MS4yMTkiLCAicG9ydCI6ICI0MjM1NSIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAiaWQiOiAiNDE4MDQ4YWYtYTI5My00Yjk5LTliMGMtOThjYTM1ODBkZDI0IiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICIifQ==Country = #China(üá®üá≥)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiZGUwMS5zaC1jbG91ZGZsYXJlLnNicyIsICJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJwb3J0IjogMjA5NiwgImlkIjogIjc1YTA4ODVmLTBjYTUtNDJhNC04NjUxLTM5MWNmODE5MzE1NCIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAidHlwZSI6ICIiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICJkZTAxLnNoLWNsb3VkZmxhcmUuc2JzIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIn0=Country = #US(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlZVx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmMyBJTi05NC4xMzYuMTg0LjE1NTozOTI1MyIsICJhZGQiOiAiOTQuMTM2LjE4NC4xNTUiLCAicG9ydCI6IDM5MjUzLCAiaWQiOiAiNjliNDlhMzUtY2Y1NS00ZDE0LTlmMmItZDdjZTNhMGRiNzJlIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIiwgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTk0LjIzMy43Mi4yMjgiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICIiLCAiaWQiOiAiMTY1MDkyNjItZGJlMi00M2JhLTk5Y2UtMDc5MTNkMmExOGI0IiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIiLCAicG9ydCI6ICIyNzU3NSIsICJwcyI6ICJcdWQ4M2RcdWRkMTIgVk0tVENQLU5BIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYyBTRy0xOTQuMjMzLjcyLjIyODoyNzU3NSIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzbmkiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAidHlwZSI6ICIiLCAidiI6ICIyIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICI1MS43OS4xMDIuMjUzIiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiNTEuNzkuMTAyLjI1MyIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiNThmZTE1NDItNTI5MC00MGFkLTgxNWEtNzc3MDdhODFhZmU1IiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL0lPZWJoTE1obDFDVGJGSGJMOTVteWZSWDIiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA4MCwKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4eo8J+HpkNBLTUxLjc5LjEwMi4yNTMtMTE0OCIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogIiIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwKICAgICJzbmkiOiAiIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess: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ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiI4OS4xOC41OC43MSIsImFpZCI6IjAiLCJhbHBuIjoiIiwiZnAiOiIiLCJob3N0IjoiIiwiaWQiOiJkMTNmYzJmNS0zZTA1LTQ3OTUtODFlYi00NDE0M2EwOWU1NTIiLCJuZXQiOiJ0Y3AiLCJwYXRoIjoiIiwicG9ydCI6IjE4MCIsInBzIjoiW/Cfj4FddC5tZS9Db25maWdzSHViIiwic2N5IjoiYXV0byIsInNuaSI6IiIsInRscyI6IiIsInR5cGUiOiJub25lIiwidiI6IjIifQ==œü ·¥õ·¥á ú Ä·¥Ä…¥ œü Íú± ú…™ Ä·¥Ä·¥¢ œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü ·¥ã·¥Ä Ä·¥Ä·¥ä œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #·¥Ñ Ä·¥è·¥Ä·¥õ…™·¥Ä( ú Ä)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiI4OS4xOC41OC42MyIsImFpZCI6IjAiLCJhbHBuIjoiIiwiZnAiOiIiLCJob3N0IjoiIiwiaWQiOiJkMTNmYzJmNS0zZTA1LTQ3OTUtODFlYi00NDE0M2EwOWU1NTIiLCJuZXQiOiJ0Y3AiLCJwYXRoIjoiIiwicG9ydCI6IjE4MCIsInBzIjoiW/Cfj4FddC5tZS9Db25maWdzSHViIiwic2N5IjoiYXV0byIsInNuaSI6IiIsInRscyI6IiIsInR5cGUiOiJub25lIiwidiI6IjIifQ==œü ·¥õ·¥á ú Ä·¥Ä…¥ œü Íú± ú…™ Ä·¥Ä·¥¢ œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü ·¥ã·¥Ä Ä·¥Ä·¥ä œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #·¥Ñ Ä·¥è·¥Ä·¥õ…™·¥Ä( ú Ä)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAiMTUyLjY3LjI1MS4yMzIiLCAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywgImFpZCI6IDAsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLCAiaWQiOiAiZTUzN2YyZjUtMmEwYy00ZjU5LTkyYzktODMyY2E2NDMzYmYzIiwgInNuaSI6ICJpcnZpZGVvLmNmZCIsICJob3N0IjogImlydmlkZW8uY2ZkIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyJ9Country = #United_States(üá∫üá∏)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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Country = #Canada(üá®üá¶)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiNS4xNjAuMTQ0LjEyIiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgImFscG4iOiAiIiwgImZwIjogIiIsICJob3N0IjogImNhcnZhbmFnZS5pciIsICJpZCI6ICI3ZDA4ZjdkNC03ZjUwLTQ3ODgtODAwYy1mYWJmOTE5MzllNzkiLCAibmV0IjogInRjcCIsICJwYXRoIjogIi9hcGkvcmVnaXN0ZXIvbmV3L25hbWUvZGF2L3Jlc3BvbnNlL2NtVjBhWEpsWkNCb1pXeHNieUJvYjNjZ1lYSmxJSGx2ZFNCMGFHbHpJR2x6SUcxNUlHNWxkeUJvWldGa1pYSWdkIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiMjA1OCIsICJwcyI6ICJcdWQ4M2RcdWRkMTIgVk0tVENQLU5BIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlZVx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmNyBJUi01LjE2MC4xNDQuMTI6MjA1OCIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzbmkiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJodHRwIiwgInYiOiAiMiJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjoiMiIsInBzIjoiRC1ZRUxMT1ctNDM0IiwiYWRkIjoiMTU5LjY1LjQ0Ljk4IiwicG9ydCI6Ijg4ODEiLCJpZCI6ImRiNWFmYWU0LWFjMjMtNDFhNi04Mzc4LWYzMDdhOWE0NzQzNiIsImFpZCI6IjAiLCJzY3kiOiJhdXRvIiwibmV0IjoidGNwIiwidHlwZSI6Imh0dHAiLCJob3N0IjoibWloYW53ZWJob3N0LmNvbSIsInBhdGgiOiIvIiwidGxzIjoibm9uZSIsInNuaSI6IiIsImFscG4iOiIifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAiYWRkIjogIjQ2LjguNjguMjEyIiwgInBvcnQiOiAyNDUyOSwgImlkIjogIjcwYzZjYmFhLWEzOTUtNDAxNC04Mjg2LWI0NDdkMWYzMTZjMyIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAibm9uZSIsICJwcyI6ICJcdWQ4M2RcdWRkMTIgVk0tVENQLU5PTkUgXHVkODNjXHVkZGYzXHVkODNjXHVkZGYxIE5MLTQ2LjguNjguMjEyOjI0NTI5In0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess: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 = #Canada(üá®üá¶)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OQSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZWRcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZjAgSEstMzUuMjIwLjIzMC4yNTE6MzAyNTEiLCAiYWRkIjogIjM1LjIyMC4yMzAuMjUxIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiMzAyNTEiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgImlkIjogIjg2YzljMTE5LWM0NmQtNDVhOS04MmE2LTc1YTg4NmU1ZTc5NSIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiLyIsICJob3N0IjogIiIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTI3LjAuMC4xIiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogImJhYWFjY2ItYWJhYy1jYmFhLWJhZGMtY2FiYmFjYmJjYWFjIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIiLCAicG9ydCI6IDIwODAsICJwcyI6ICJcdWQ4M2VcdWRkMTYgVEVMRUdSQU0tQ0hBTk5FTCBcdWQ4M2RcdWRjYTEgTkVVUk9WQU5DRSBcdWQ4M2VcdWRkZTAiLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAic25pIjogIiIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIiwgInR5cGUiOiAiIiwgInYiOiAiMiJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTkyLjkuMTQ4LjY0IiwgImFpZCI6IDAsICJob3N0IjogIm9yYS5haWhpLnVrIiwgImlkIjogIjk3OWUzOWQ3LWZkZjgtNGU1MS1hZmI2LTRkMTgxYzU2MTcwZiIsICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIvcmF5IiwgInBvcnQiOiA4MDg4LCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVdTLVRMUyBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZmFcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZjggVVMtMTkyLjkuMTQ4LjY0OjgwODgiLCAidGxzIjogInRscyIsICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLCAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogdHJ1ZSwgInNuaSI6ICJvcmEuYWloaS51ayIsICJhbGxvd2luc2VjdXJlIjogMX0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICJueTItZGFzaC45MzAucHAudWEiLAogICAgImFpZCI6IDAsCiAgICAiaG9zdCI6ICJueTItc3ViLjkzMC5wcC51YSIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiZjA4MmVlY2EtZTA2OC00NWY5LWQxYmYtNDZlOWRlOWJkZjU3IiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL255Mi1zdWIuOTMwLnBwLnVhIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogMjA5NiwKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTcyLjY3LjE4OS4yNy0wOTE3IiwKICAgICJ0bHMiOiAidGxzIiwKICAgICJ0eXBlIjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNlY3VyaXR5IjogImF1dG8iLAogICAgInNraXAtY2VydC12ZXJpZnkiOiB0cnVlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICIiCn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OQSBcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZWNcdWQ4M2NcdWRkZTcgR0ItMTcyLjk5LjE5MC4yMDc6NTU1NzciLCAiYWRkIjogIjE3Mi45OS4xOTAuMjA3IiwgInBvcnQiOiAiNTU1NzciLCAiaWQiOiAiZTkyMmQ0ODUtOThhNy00NzVhLTlhNDctY2RlMzcyMmFjODJlIiwgImFpZCI6ICIwIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAic25pIjogIiIsICJ0ZXN0X25hbWUiOiAiNiJ9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMTg2LjE5MC4yMTUuOTMiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAiYWxwbiI6ICIiLCAiZnAiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogIjA0NjIxYmFlLWFiMzYtMTFlYy1iOTA5LTAyNDJhYzEyMDAwMiIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiMjIzMjQiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzbmkiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICIiLCAidHlwZSI6ICJub25lIiwgInYiOiAiMiJ9Country = #Switzerland(üá®üá≠)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJ2IjogIjIiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZmUzXHVkODNkXHVkZDI1K1x1MDZhOVx1MDYyN1x1MDY0Nlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NCtcdTA2MzNcdTA2MzFcdTA2NDhcdTA2MzErXHUwNjMxXHUwNjI3XHUwNmNjXHUwNmFmXHUwNjI3XHUwNjQ2K0BGYXJhaFZQTiIsICJhZGQiOiAidjI1LmhlZHVpYW4ubGluayIsICJwb3J0IjogMzA4MjUsICJhaWQiOiAyLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAibmV0IjogIndzIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogImNiYjNmODc3LWQxZmItMzQ0Yy04N2E5LWQxNTNiZmZkNTQ4NCIsICJob3N0IjogImJhaWR1LmNvbSIsICJwYXRoIjogIi9vb29vIn0=Country = #China(üá®üá≥)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiODkuMTguNTguNjMiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAiYWxwbiI6ICIiLCAiZnAiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogImQxM2ZjMmY1LTNlMDUtNDc5NS04MWViLTQ0MTQzYTA5ZTU1MiIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiMTgwIiwgInBzIjogIlx1ZDgzZFx1ZGZlM1x1ZDgzZFx1ZGQyNStcdTA2YTlcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDZcdTA2MjdcdTA2NDQrXHUwNjMzXHUwNjMxXHUwNjQ4XHUwNjMxK1x1MDYzMVx1MDYyN1x1MDZjY1x1MDZhZlx1MDYyN1x1MDY0NitARmFyYWhWUE4iLCAic2N5IjogImF1dG8iLCAic25pIjogIiIsICJ0bHMiOiAiIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ2IjogIjIifQ==Country = #Croatia(üá≠üá∑)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess: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ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxNzIuNjcuMTc5LjE5OSIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogImxpbmRlMDYuaW5kaWF2aWRlby5zYnMiLAogICAgImlkIjogImVkYmIxMDU5LTE2MzMtNDI3MS1iNjZlLWVkNGZiYTQ3YTFiZiIsCiAgICAibmV0IjogIndzIiwKICAgICJwYXRoIjogIi9saW5rd3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+PgVJFTEFZLTE3Mi42Ny4xNzkuMTk5LTc0NDYiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsCiAgICAic25pIjogIiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiNjIuMTQ2LjIzMy4xMTUiLCAiYWlkIjogIjAiLCAiYWxwbiI6ICIiLCAiZnAiOiAiIiwgImhvc3QiOiAiIiwgImlkIjogImY4NjNlZjk5LTVlZjAtNDMyMS1hYWFjLWE0NzZhNWU4YzNmYiIsICJuZXQiOiAidGNwIiwgInBhdGgiOiAiIiwgInBvcnQiOiAiMzgzMjQiLCAicHMiOiAiXHVkODNkXHVkZDEyIFZNLVRDUC1OT05FIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRmOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYyBTRy02Mi4xNDYuMjMzLjExNTozODMyNCIsICJzY3kiOiAiYXV0byIsICJzbmkiOiAiIiwgInRscyI6ICJub25lIiwgInR5cGUiOiAibm9uZSIsICJ2IjogIjIifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjEuNi4yMDEiLAogICAgImFpZCI6IDAsCiAgICAiaG9zdCI6ICJoa25ieWl2ZmZmai5zaXRlIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICJkMTNmYzJmNS0zZTA1LTQ3OTUtODFlYi00NDE0M2EwOWU1NTIiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvcmJxcXZ3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTA0LjIxLjYuMjAxLTc1MTIiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IGZhbHNlLAogICAgInNuaSI6ICJoa25ieWl2ZmZmai5zaXRlIgp9ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMjMuMTYyLjIwMC45MSIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJhbHBuIjogIiIsICJmcCI6ICIiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICIiLCAiaWQiOiAiY2M5YjY2YjctMWRlNy00YWE5LTk2NDItNTc1YThhZTNmZjE5IiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIiLCAicG9ydCI6ICIyMDE4MiIsICJwcyI6ICJcdWQ4M2RcdWRkMTIgVk0tVENQLU5BIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlOFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlNiBDQS0yMy4xNjIuMjAwLjkxOjIwMTgyIiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNuaSI6ICIiLCAidGxzIjogIiIsICJ0eXBlIjogIiIsICJ2IjogIjIifQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiIxODUuMTQ2LjE3My4xNTgiLCJhaWQiOiIwIiwiYWxwbiI6IiIsImZwIjoiIiwiaG9zdCI6ImphaGZramhhLmNmZCIsImlkIjoiOTUwZGI2YWEtNDkyNi00NjE2LTgxNmUtZWMwMzEyZGNiODdiIiwibmV0Ijoid3MiLCJwYXRoIjoiL2xpbmt3cyIsInBvcnQiOiI0NDMiLCJwcyI6Ilvwn4e48J+Hql10Lm1lL0NvbmZpZ3NIdWIiLCJzY3kiOiJhdXRvIiwic25pIjoiamFoZmtqaGEuY2ZkIiwidGxzIjoidGxzIiwidHlwZSI6Ii0tLSIsInYiOiIyIn0=œü ·¥õ·¥á ú Ä·¥Ä…¥ œü Íú± ú…™ Ä·¥Ä·¥¢ œü ·¥ás“ì·¥Ä ú·¥Ä…¥ œü ·¥ã·¥Ä Ä·¥Ä·¥ä œü·¥Ñ·¥è·¥ú…¥·¥õ Ä è: #s·¥°·¥á·¥Ö·¥á…¥(s·¥á)·¥Ñ·¥è…¥“ì…™…¢s ú·¥ú ô ‚Ç™ ·¥ã…™…¥…¢·¥Ä Ä…™ è·¥Ä ‚Ç™  ô·¥è·¥õ
vmess: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 = #Canada(üá®üá¶)J·¥è…™…¥ ¬ª¬ª @FarahVPN - @FarahProxy
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMjEuMTguMjI3IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAiamFoZmtqaGEuY2ZkIiwKICAgICJpZCI6ICI5NTBkYjZhYS00OTI2LTQ2MTYtODE2ZS1lYzAzMTJkY2I4N2IiLAogICAgIm5ldCI6ICJ3cyIsCiAgICAicGF0aCI6ICIvbGlua3dzIiwKICAgICJwb3J0IjogNDQzLAogICAgInBzIjogIvCfj4FSRUxBWS0xMDQuMjEuMTguMjI3LTc0NzciLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsCiAgICAic25pIjogIiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxODguMTE0Ljk3LjgiLAogICAgImFpZCI6IDAsCiAgICAiaG9zdCI6ICJhZnJobXMxNnYuYmVzdHhyYXkuYnV6eiIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiZjU4NGRlMTUtMjAzNC00MTcwLWE3MjMtZjQ4YzJiYWU1ZTBmIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTg4LjExNC45Ny44LTA5MjMiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsCiAgICAic25pIjogIiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICIxMDQuMTkuMzIuMCIsCiAgICAiYWlkIjogMCwKICAgICJob3N0IjogInhtaXZpZGVvLmNmZCIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiOTNlYTQ4NmEtYmFkYS00MmE0LWFjMzgtZDA4OGIzMjBmYTFlIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt3cyIsCiAgICAicG9ydCI6IDQ0MywKICAgICJwcyI6ICLwn4+BUkVMQVktMTA0LjE5LjMyLjAtNzUxNCIsCiAgICAidGxzIjogInRscyIsCiAgICAidHlwZSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJzZWN1cml0eSI6ICJhdXRvIiwKICAgICJza2lwLWNlcnQtdmVyaWZ5IjogZmFsc2UsCiAgICAic25pIjogInhtaXZpZGVvLmNmZCIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://ewogICAgImFkZCI6ICI1Ny4xMjkuMjQuMTI1IiwKICAgICJhaWQiOiAwLAogICAgImhvc3QiOiAid3JtZWxtd3hsZi5na3RldmxycXpud3Fxb3p5LmZhYnBmczY2Z2l6bW5vamhjdnF4d2wua3l0cmNmenFsYTg3Z3ZndnM2Yzdram5ydWJ1aC5jYyIsCiAgICAiaWQiOiAiMDNmY2M2MTgtYjkzZC02Nzk2LTZhZWQtOGEzOGM5NzVkNTgxIiwKICAgICJuZXQiOiAid3MiLAogICAgInBhdGgiOiAiL2xpbmt2d3MiLAogICAgInBvcnQiOiA0NDMsCiAgICAicHMiOiAi8J+HqfCfh6pERS01Ny4xMjkuMjQuMTI1LTc0NTQiLAogICAgInRscyI6ICJ0bHMiLAogICAgInR5cGUiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2VjdXJpdHkiOiAiYXV0byIsCiAgICAic2tpcC1jZXJ0LXZlcmlmeSI6IHRydWUsCiAgICAic25pIjogIiIKfQ==ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiAiMjMuMTU4LjU2LjE4NCIsICJhaWQiOiAiMCIsICJhbHBuIjogIiIsICJmcCI6ICIiLCAiaG9zdCI6ICIiLCAiaWQiOiAiMDQ2MjFiYWUtYWIzNi0xMWVjLWI5MDktMDI0MmFjMTIwMDAyIiwgIm5ldCI6ICJ0Y3AiLCAicGF0aCI6ICIiLCAicG9ydCI6ICIyMjMyNCIsICJwcyI6ICJcdWQ4M2RcdWRkMTIgVk0tVENQLU5BIFx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlOVx1ZDgzY1x1ZGRlYSBERS0yMy4xNTguNTYuMTg0OjIyMzI0IiwgInNjeSI6ICJhdXRvIiwgInNuaSI6ICIiLCAidGxzIjogIiIsICJ0eXBlIjogIm5vbmUiLCAidiI6ICIyIn0=ü§Ø Get 1 year premium VPN (100 tokens) for just $0.03 üëâ @vpnfail_bot
vmess://eyJhZGQiOiI4OS4xOC41OC42MyIsImFpZCI6IjAiLCJhbHBuIjoiIiwiZnAiOiIiLCJob3N0IjoiIiwiaWQiOiJkMTNmYzJmNS0zZTA1LTQ3OTUtODFlYi00NDE0M2EwOWU1NTIiLCJuZXQiOiJ0Y3AiLCJwYXRoIjoiIiwicG9ydCI6IjE4MCIsInBzIjoi2qnYp9mG2YHbjNqvINm+2LHYs9ix2LnYqiDYsdin24zar9in2Ybwn4yLQHZtZXNjIiwic2N5IjoiYXV0byIsInNuaSI6IiIsInRscyI6IiIsInR5cGUiOiJub25lIiwidiI6IjIifQ==‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚îÄ‚ù• MciFree serviceüëáüëáüëáüëáüëá‚úÖ @vmesc
